https://x.com/Kabamur_Taygeta/status/2020282773878239654
The tragedy about Jim Carrey is that the real Jim wasn't a satanist. 

The real Jim was killed for mocking satanists on television. 

On Jimmy Kimmel, Jim wasn't pledging allegiance to satan, he was mocking them to Kimmel's face.

They killed him and replaced him with a hateful soulless clone.

The saddest part is that they pulled the legacy of Jim Carrey down with them.

The photo below is from Jim Carrey's recent birthday party, featuring among others, Jimmy Kimmel.



Jim Carrey was also labelled crazy
when he started speaking out years ago
but now people are starting to pay attention to what he has been saying all these years



"It's the illuminati, don't tell me you don't know what it is you're in it"  As he points to Kimmel who is in the files. WOW 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG9i7d8yfKQ

https://archive.org/details/WPVI_20141122_044000_Jimmy_Kimmel_Live/start/1320/end/1380

Jim Carrey's Secret Hand Signal. Jim reveals the secret of the Illuminati.
Jimmy Kimmel Live
2014-11-14

Jimmy Kimmel:
what is that exactly?
is that a gang sign?
have you um...?

Jim Carrey:
oh like you don't know what it is...
you don't know what that is?

Jimmy Kimmel:
I have no idea!

Jim Carrey:
you don't know,
Jimmy Fallon does doesn't know,
David Letterman doesn't know,
all the comics and show business don't know what this is...
right? yeah.

Jimmy Kimmel:
what is it?

Jim Carrey:
come on Jimmy.
seriously.
the time is up.
people are hip to this kind of stuff.
I'm here tonight to blow the lid off it, to be the Whistleblower.
I'm sick and tired of the secrets and the lies.
it is the secret symbol of the Illuminati, and you're a part of it,
and it is the all mocking tongue.

Jimmy Kimmel:
Ah!
I like it.
it need a stra...

Jim Carrey:
It's the symbol of the all mocking tongue.
And I'm sick of it, I want everybody to be in on the joke, man, you know what I mean?
like, for years now, talk show hosts, people on television, people in sitcoms
have been hired by the government to throw you off the track,
to distract you, to make you laugh, and stuff like that,
make you happy and docile, so you don't know what's really going on. you know?
and they get out there in the woods in a circle naked
and they decide these things, and, you know,
and, look at him, look at him,
trying to look at them, trying to come out
it's hilarious
hilarious
and you know and I'm sick
hold on a second
you know what they're trying to do?

Jimmy Kimmel:
Who?

Jim Carrey:
This thing is buzzing, hold on...
they're trying to turn us into...
you know, consumer drones, of some sort.
I just got to get this...

Jimmy Kimmel:
Yeah.

Jim Carrey:
Yeah, listen, I'm in the middle of blowing off some...

Jimmy Kimmel:
What happened?

Jim Carrey:
I'm sorry Jimmy, I was temporarily interrupted by my iPhone 6 Plus.

Jimmy Kimmel:
That's a big one, huh?

Jim Carrey:
5.5 heads up HD display.
I think what I was really trying to say
was I think, people were all enjoy Dumb and Dumber this weekend.

Jimmy Kimmel:
And that is what I thought you were about to say!

Jim Carrey:
They should all go to the theater tomorrow and see it,
cuz we could use a good laugh... ha ha ha ha ha ha.
