stress cycle. typical stress response of four elements

feminine and childish are similar in that they both are broad.
masculine and mature both are long.

this also makes test questions a bit similar,
but the difference is:

feminine/masculine = mental sex = gender = motorics = behavior in ABSENCE of stress (change or keep, active or passive)
childish/mature = mental age = sensorics = behavior in PRESENCE of stress (change or keep, active or passive)

we model "stress" as a square wave:
on "stress start", the wave goes from zero to 100% in a vertical line.

the first split is between the two sensorics:
childish CHANGE their path to confront the stress source (easy to distract, easy to provoke, rise early, curious),
and they hold the confrontation (they interact with the stress source).
mature KEEP their path to avoid the stress source (ignore stress, repress, hard to distract, rise late),
but they slowly get distracted more and more by the stress source, until they "explode" (rise late).

now all four are at 100% stress,
and our square wave drops back to zero stress.

the second split is between the two motorics:
masculine quickly relax back to zero stress,
they CHANGE their path to confront the new "zero stress" state.
feminine KEEP their path at 100% stress,
they continue their activity in absence of stress.
(air is active both in presence and absence of stress = hyper active),
(earth is only active in absence of stress = "flow goer", and is blocked by presence of stress).
the feminine elements slowly decrease their activity,
and at the end of the cycle,
all elements are back to zero stress (and zero activity).

the next cycle continues with:
stress goes back up to 100%,
childish quickly CHANGE ther path to confront the stress (high activity),
mature KEEP their path (low activity), only to later "join the party" (rise late).
at half cycle, all are at 100% stress and 100% activity, and the stress jumps back to zero.
masculine quickly CHANGE their path, and go back to zero activity.
feminine KEEP their level of activity,
and only slowly return back to zero.


