https://www.deviantart.com/comments/1/1327950534/5281851558



Comment on civilization is a suicide cult. satan vs jesus by milahu



BattleHamsterReturns 2026-05-03

While it is unfortunate that life had to end . It did none the less stop all further crimes and injustices from happening in the future . 

To be perfectly honest here , unless there was some way to greatly improve matters , I would gladly take annihilation . 




milahu 2026-05-17

> unless there was some way to greatly improve matters , I would gladly take annihilation

yep, you are part of the problem.



BattleHamsterReturns 2026-05-17

I am part of the problem because I want to greatly improve matters ? Really ? You like things as they are ? Are you happy with billions suffering and dying ? Are you happy with famine , disease and war ? are you happy with oppression ? 

Make your case as to what problem I am part of . 



milahu 2026-05-19

> Are you happy with billions suffering and dying ? Are you happy with famine , disease and war ? are you happy with oppression ?

you sound like a humanist, who only cares about human suffering, but completely ignores the suffering of all other life forms. you sound like you only want to improve the quality of life for humans, but you dont care about the quality of life for all other life forms, as if humans were not dependent on other forms of life, animals, plants, ecosystems.

in that sense, yeah, humans are the absolute worst that has ever happened to this planet, even worse than the impacts of asteroids, or the eruptions of volcanos... in my language, calling someone a human, or a humanist, is the absolute worst insult i can think of. humans cannot be hated enough.



BattleHamsterReturns 2026-05-20

Ok so you are Retarded and a Traitor to your specie . 

Yes I am a humanist . Yes I am proud of it . You want to hate me ? go ahead you loser shit ! 

Humanity First you loser shit ! 

Fuck your whales , fuck your snails ! Off yourself you piece of shit if you care so much about creatures that would see you dead in a heartbeat . 

You are a sub human unworthy of the title : MAN ! Vermin who spits in the face of your ancestors ! Unworthy of this life or any other ! 

Begone you shit ! 



milahu 2026-05-20

haha. i guess you have at least 10 children, so at some point we have 10 billion humans, and then 100 billion humans, and then 1 trillion humans... because you just never have enough... infinite greed... so yeah, you really are part of the problem, thanks for the confirmation



BattleHamsterReturns 2026-05-20

Get fucked traitor !

Loser and shit sub human !

https://www.deviantart.com/battlehamsterreturns/art/Save-the-Whales-save-the-snails-1335270601

This piece is a satirical take inspired by a mindset I keep seeing more and more — the idea that humanity is somehow less valuable than the rest of nature.

I’ve noticed a strain of so-called environmentalism that doesn’t just care about animals or ecosystems (which is fine), but actively seems to resent human existence itself. People who mourn imaginary suffering of whales and snails while showing little to no concern for actual human beings. That contradiction is what this image is poking at.

The concept was also influenced by George Carlin’s classic “save the whales, save the snails” bit George Carlin - Saving the Planet : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W33HRc1A6c  — not as a literal interpretation, but as a reminder of how absurd and self-important we can become when we think we’re the moral voice of the planet.

In this image, the “woke” figure sits at the center, overwhelmed and self-righteous, while the very creatures they idealize reveal a harsher truth: nature is not gentle, moral, or sentimental. It is indifferent, often brutal — and completely unconcerned with human ideals.

For the record, I don’t subscribe to any political tribe. I reject both the WOKE and MAGA extremes. The left and the right each get things wrong in their own ways. I stand independently.

Humanity First — unapologetically.

This is satire. Take it as such.



milahu 2026-05-21

> a mindset I keep seeing more and more — the idea that humanity is somehow less valuable than the rest of nature.

yes, humans are a product of nature, not the other way round. humans need nature. nature does not need humans.

> I stand independently. Humanity First — unapologetically.

here it is, all your anti-logic wrapped up in two sentences. only dead people are neutral ("independent"). humanism is a subjective worldview, not some objective truth that you can enforce on all humans... sure, you try, you have been trying for at least 10 000 years, but ultimately this is your suicide, death by ignorance.

> a reminder of how absurd and self-important we can become when we think we’re the moral voice of the planet

yeah, more of your anti-logic (mysticism). your actions scream of self-importance, but your words paint yourself as some tiny little creature with zero impact. but dont worry, this is an inborn mental defect of your personality types, so im not here to "fix" you, because the only "cure" are knives and bullets. human stupidity is only defeated by violence.

in other words: just because you dont see your impact immediately, does not mean you have no impact. youre just too shortsighted to connect the dots, but like i said, this is an inborn mental defect, not fixable.

> the very creatures they idealize reveal a harsher truth: nature is not gentle, moral, or sentimental. It is indifferent, often brutal — and completely unconcerned with human ideals.

haha, this is so stupid. humans are million times more brutal than all other species, but you paint "the brutality of nature" as a rationalization of your human brutality. "look, nature is brutal, so we can be brutal too!" yeah, this would work in the "sticks and stones" version of humans, where humans are limited to primitive tools, so the human footprint is minimal.

but the same logic fails, when humans use machines to kill animals and plants by the millions, and in the process destroy the whole ecosystem, turning old-growth forests into deserts. and probably their only argument is "if god would hate what we are doing, then he would stop us, because god is infinitely smarter and stronger than humans, and if god does not say no, that means yes, we are doing everything right." (circular logic)
