https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6i6z1T0CEo

Catherine Austin Fitts on Iran, Epstein, US Corruption and the Control Grid

Reinvent Money

2026-03-14

Reinvent Money Season 2026

Paul Buitink talks to former government official and founder of Solari Report Catherine Austin Fitts. They discuss her recent interview with Tucker Carlson, whether she still can enter the US easily and how she's been obstructed by the US over the years.

They discuss the Middle East war and why this in tune with the control grid that is being rolled out. Trump is corrupt and expendable Catherine says. She also explains how families like the Rothschilds, whom Epstein worked for, and the Rockefellers form a syndicate controlling people like Trump.

She stresses the role of having a plan B and why cash and gold are important. Digital currency can also be a force of good but only when used the right way. 

More info about Solari Report here:
https://home.solari.com/

Follow Paul on X here:
https://x.com/paulbuitink

Timestamps:
0:00 Intro
2:30 Tucker Carlson and Catherine's US trip
7:28 Catherine's views on the Middle East
15:33 How will global elites benefit from the war
24:53 Trump, Epstein and the Control Grid
30:22 US corruption
37:59 Role of Rothschilds and Rockefellers
43:15 The role of digital and programmable money like Bitcoin
53:25 Why we need to preserver cash and the role of gold
54:49 Outro and the Young Builders



---



everything this administration is doing
to build a control grid. And from the
moment they got into office on in
January 2025, they've been operating at
high speed to build the whole thing. If
you look at this administration, this
administration is very much run by that
syndicate. And whatever is going on in
the Middle East is very much what that
syndicate wants. I have seen massive
corruption in my life. I have never seen
anything as bad as this. I think you can
use digital currency if you do it wallet
to wallet and do it yourself. I think
there is a way to use it, you know, that
can work for the freedom team. I also
think the control grid will fail. Um, so
I think the guys trying to put into
institute the control grid will
ultimately fail and that's why the rest
of us have to have plan B. And I see
young people destroyed by, you know, the
mind control programming and all the
stuff that's going on. So

>> sure. Yeah.

>> So, so part of it is teaching them to
adopt a culture that will help them be
successful and productive.
Hello everybody, my name is Paul
and welcome to Reinvent Money, a podcast
about money and power with every week
and inspiring guest. Today back on the
show is Katherine Austin Fitz. A woman
who hardly needs an introduction but who
worked under the Bush senior presidency
and as an investment banker and now for
many years already runs her own research
and media firm Solari report. Katherine
was recently in the Tucker Cron show
again to talk about amongst other things
the control grid programmable money and
Epstein and I want to discuss those
topics with her in more detail today. Is
the third Gulf or even world war that's
currently setting the Middle East on
fire delaying or accelerating a global
panopticon control grid? That's the main
question I have for Katherine. Hi
Katherine. Always a pleasure to see you.

>> Hi Paul. It's a pleasure to see you. How
are you?

>> Yeah, I'm doing great. Thanks. Thanks so
much. Are you back in the Netherlands or
are you just still traveling?

>> So I was supposed to fly back last
Saturday but I got delayed. I'm doing I
came to Tennessee to testify. So, we
have uh model legislation to stop
programmable money in states and um so
I've been working with several states
during the last month and uh anyway, but
I decided to come to Tennessee and and
try to get these bills through the
through the committees and I'm flying
back on Saturday.

>> Ah, it's very important work. Yeah. And
I was wondering because um I mean Tuker
Carlson is one of the uh one of the most
um outspoken critics of Trump at the
moment and you've also criticized his
his policies. Did you have any any
difficulties getting into the country
or?

>> No. No difficulty. So one of the one of
the benefits of being me is I litigated
with the Department of Justice for 11
years and it was flatout war. They lied,
they cheated, they stole, they rigged,
you know, evidence. And we fought and
fought and fought fought and and one of
the things that happened, I'm told,
because I was told at the beginning, you
there's no hope you can win. And yet,
miraculously, we were able to win. I
calculated how much time it took it. It
took working 36,000 hours for free,
which we'll tell you why a lot of
politicians or government officials
don't want to fight, you know, with with
uh with the deep state. But anyway, so
when I was through, I was told by
somebody that that that they had
approached um it was either the CIA or
the or the administration about coming
at me again. And the word was, "Uh-uh,
not her. Never again." No.

>> Yeah. You can She doesn't give up. Yeah.

>> Well, no. I just think I just think it's
um you know, if you if you look at what
happened, I had to make every aspect of
my life public. And of course with
technology it's every aspect is public.
So you know and I try to be very careful
about about being impeccable in terms of
legal or regulatory compliance. So

>> right so so even if they would hold you
up at the border for example it would
backfire because you would make it
public and and it would make them look
like fools.

>> Well here's the thing. Under the law you
have to have evidence. You have to have
documentation. you have to have and and
you know if if you have a fight if you
look at all the sabotage I deal with
it's much easier to slow me down or stop
me with sabotage you know that's very
quiet and invisible and you know if I
were to tell you all the different
things I experience which most of which
are probably they can either be
generalized sabotage uh done to
implement technocracy or targeted
towards us you never know sometimes
which is which if I were to tell you all
those things you'd say, well, you know,
I don't know that that that could just
be a coincidence, but after a thousand
coincidences, you know, a week.

>> Yeah, I I understand why why you also
cannot diverge too much because you
don't want to you you don't want to make
them too wise. But I can imagine that,
for example, could include hack attacks
or just trying to break in uh your
systems and stuff like that or

>> so let me give you an example. in at the
end of 2020, we published a wrap-up
called the injection fraud. And it
warned people why they shouldn't take
the co injection. And I don't know if
you've seen the cover, but there's a big
horse syringe on the front. And Robert
outdid himself with the graphics.
They're so perfect. And um I the the
printer said who was in Europe, we
printed them all in Europe and then
shipped to the United States for the
people in North America. The printer
said, "I want to give it to a remer."
said, "Absolutely not. I want it going
direct to NL Post. Um, you know, I want
to I I don't want any extra steps in
this because we've got to get this out
to people, you know, because this can
save lives. We got to get this out." So,
uh, after 3 months from the mailing, not
one person, 3,000 mailed individually
all over the world, not one arrived. Not
one.

>> No. So finally I said, "Okay, I'm going
to pay €21,000 and reprint." So we
printed another one and out it went. And
what we discovered, okay, so so these
start hitting desks and then 4 day later
the first one starts coming. They let it
out. It turns out it had been grabbed
and moved to a warehouse in Hamburgg and
held under lock and key for three months
until we printed the next one and they
had to let it out. Okay.

>> 21,000. So, so that the sabotage is
everybody waits for 3 months and a lot
of people I think probably took the shot
because you know if they were listening
to me to our weekly shows they would
have known not to take the shot. But I I
think it was a very persuasive document.
Anyway, so so you know, you wait 3
months, you deal with the aggravation,
and then you pay $21,000, and everybody
gets two,

>> right? So it sounds like a little thing,
but when you keep adding those up day
after day after day, the the hardest
thing for me as a small business person
is how do you build a team that can
maintain their state of amusement
dealing with that day after day after
day after day? Do you know what I mean?

>> Yeah. and and and that's the game of
technocracy. So

>> yeah, we're going to discuss that in
more detail. Uh let's first focus on the
on the Middle East because uh that's the
one thing of course that's on everyone's
mind. Um because you look at current
affairs and and and things across the
world with a unique lens. Um so what's
your take on the war in the Middle East?
How will it end and why did it escalate
in such a way?
So I can't tell. Um,
you know, I I think the Iranians are
referring to the US administration as
the Epstein syndicate, which I think is
very fair. There's a up on salary we
have two commentaries I would point you
to. One is every week we add to a
collection called the fast approaching
control grid. Everything this
administration is doing to build a
control grid. And from the moment they
got into office on in January 2025,
they've been operating at high speed to
build the whole thing. And we can talk
about what that looks like. But the
other one is called Was Jeffrey Epstein
the father of programmable money? And I
would recommend reading it. It points
you to a substack that is the best thing
I've ever read on Epstein after Whitney
Webb's books. And what it describes is
how the raw shield syndicate works and
and which is basically the Epstein was
part of that syndicate if you want to
call it um and and that's very much
equity in and around the central banks.
So it does a very good job of sort of
describing the syndicate and if you look
at this administration this
administration is very much run by that
syndicate and whatever is going on in
the Middle East is very much what that
syndicate wants. And so the question is
what is really going on? And what I will
tell you is the official explanations as
usual are baffling. Um and what I can't
tell is whether the goal is
intentionally to shut down the straits.
Um or we're looking at the most
remarkable act of incompetence on the
part of the US that I have I could
possibly imagine. So, you know, I never
want to est underestimate the the
possibility of incompetence, but usually
incompetence is an air cover. You know,
it's a story. It's a So, so let's look
at what's happening. Um, and and let's
go back to Gaza for a second. For 2 and
1/2 years, what we've heard is that a
group of people who are under complete
sanction in the financial system can
still, you know, Hamas can still field
weapons and armies and an empire that
can slant drill oil and gas and mining,
you know, miles underground can't deal
with tunnels under Gaza. Okay? makes
absolutely no sense because if you
understand what it takes to transact,
buy weapons, ship in weapons, do all of
that, you know, that can't operate given
the surveillance and control systems
that are in place unless somebody wants
it to, you know, so you're looking at a
game that allows you to basically kill
genocide and take the land, you know,
because you need an excuse to do that.
You can't, you know, the empire never
likes to go in and say, "Look, we're
we're just going to kill all of you and
take your stuff because we want to and
you know, and then and then our insiders
are going to make a fortune using
taxpayers money to build a new
development." You can't you can't say
that. So, you need a cover story, right?
Okay. So, so just like we had this
baffling cover story, now we have the
Iranians who despite extraordinary
sanctions have been able to build a very
impressive military capability
and and uh and the United States is
helpless to to stop them. Now, here's
why that is baffling to me. You have the
US military has exponentially more
funding than any military on the planet.
and and they so so for the last two
decades they've had anywhere from a half
a trillion to a trillion. Now it's up to
a trillion dollars a year. And what's
the most important thing in the central
banking warfare model that a military
needs to do?
What do we know if you're going to be
the reserve currency? What's the number
one thing you as the military must be
able to do? You have to protect the
trade routes. You have to protect the
sealanes. the control the the trade
model backing the the sterling as
reserve currency and the US sterling was
the navy and policing the seal lanes and
the Brett and Woods model was an open
trade model where everybody the the US
said look we'll protect the sea lanes
everybody gets to trade as long as they
play ball with the rules and we're going
to globalize and create a highly in
interdependent massively inter
interdependent global society right and
global economy. So, um there's a
wonderful interview, I'm sure I've told
you about it before, in 1994 by Sir
James Goldsmith where he talks about why
doing this is in insertifiably insane,
but but he does a great description of
globalization and what it's going to do
and the interdependencies it creates.
Okay. So, so the one thing the US as
reserve currency must do is make sure
its navy can protect the sea lanes. Now
what is the most important choke point
in the whole global trade system?

>> Yeah.

>> Okay. And and the South China Sea, you
know, you got the Panama Canal, but
you've got a a couple of strategic trade
points, but as a percentage, the Straits
of Hormus are hugely important. So now
we're listening to US say, "Oh, we're
helpless up against Iran who's been
suffering under, you know, extraordinary
sanctions that if that was really true,
they wouldn't have all these amazing
hypersonic missiles, you know, yada yada
yada." Okay? And now what we're watching
is the entire global economy being
severely shut down. So let me give you
an example.
We're in March. What is March?
What do you mean? What is March?

>> It's the spring, right? What What
happens in the spring?

>> Yeah. Less less demand for for fuel
perhaps in in the West.

>> No. No. Come on. You're in the
Netherlands. You're in the Netherlands.
One of the greatest food exporters in
the world.

>> Yeah. Farmers growing season. Yeah.

>> Farmers plant in the spring. Right now,
we are shutting down the critical
ingredients to most European factories
who make fertilizer. Right. Okay. And so
by the time that gets through, whenever
it gets through, it's going to be too
late
to make the fertilizer. You're going to
miss the whole spring season. So, I I
don't know. I just saw a headline.
Goldman Sachs, uh, leading member of the
New York Fed says that, uh, it's going
to be shut down for 21 days, right?

>> Yeah.

>> Missed the planning season. Okay. So, so
if if you look at the material coming
through that's critical to chip
production, the material coming through
the straits that's critical to
fertilizer and food and the material
coming through that's that's critical to
energy, you're talking about massive
dislocation of the global economy and if
it goes on for long enough, I mean, we
have Peru, Thailand, other people
talking about doing COVID kind of
shutdowns to save gas and fuel.

>> Right. But but you're talking about
intentionally shutting down the global
economy and it didn't start with Iran
and it didn't start with the United
States. It started with the city of
London. So Lloyds of London shut down
the straits with all their insurance
company friends and reinsurance company
friends. Right. So the city shuts down
the straits and now the Iran is is
helping supposedly to keep it shut down.

>> Yeah. Do you buy that story that the US
military is helpless?

>> No, but what I struggle with is um it it
seems like a lot of countries and
citizens across the world are going to
suffer as a result of this war and as a
result of the blockade of the straight
of Hormuds. Um so there will be global
disorder and chaos to a large extent.
And even if you if you look at Japan,
they're especially vulnerable. But in
the second world war, Japan did Pearl
Harbor. At least that's the the common
story because, you know, they they were
shut off from the oil market. So when
countries are in in in desperate uh in
desperate position, they're going to
take desperate measures. So this could
easily lead to a much larger world war,
this this conflict in the Middle East.
So that's a huge gamble then that the
global elite, for example, are taking
because they run a risk themselves too.
If if we have a nuclear escalation and a
nuclear holocaust, what's it what's in
it for them?

>> So, um well, what's in it for them is
implementing the control grid and
depopulation together.

>> Yeah.

>> What's in it for them? If this is, you
know, cuz we don't know yet. I think
it's too early. I can't tell whether
you're looking at massive incompetence
on the on the on the on on the basis of
the US or you're looking at an
intentional desire to shut down. So this
is CO 2.0.

>> Yeah.

>> Because Yeah. It's this is how you shut
down. This is a new excuse to shut down
um to preserve energy and food. I think
the big problem here is famine. So you
have seen the new administration in the
United States systematically cut the
domestic funds that are available to
support food for poor people in
emergencies as well as the USID and
state department aid to protect
countries that have emergencies you know
like food. So, so you have, I don't
know, 25
maybe billion dollars traditionally that
the US had available to to stop famines.
That money is all cut and now you have
something that's creating the conditions
of famine. So, you know, to me that's
very disturbing. We just had Michael Yan
and his wife who's Japanese Msaka were
just in the Netherlands for a couple
weeks and stayed with us in Seorin and
we talked a lot about what had happened
during CO to create the conditions the
consolidation of the food system to
create the conditions of famine. And now
what I'm watching is a huge step up
because you you simply slash
um you simply slash the fertilizer
market right at the beginning of spring
season. I just we just played you know
every week on Slayer Report we have a
show called Money and Markets with John
Titus. We just played a video of a
farmer in Iowa saying you know our
fertilizer prices are up 70%. And what
it means is he can't, you know, if he
plants at 70% up on fertilizer, you
know, he loses money on the crop. Why
plant?

>> Yeah.

>> So, we have farmers all over America
saying, you know, we we can't plant. We
we can't afford to lose money on another
year or crop.

>> Yeah. And then maybe they they can be
supported in the end by by the
government, but a lot of poor countries,
of course, they don't have those uh
those buffers. So it's again poor people
across the globe who are going to be
collateral damage in this in this crazy
war.

>> So here's the thing. If you look at the
Netherlands in 2020,
you know, in a situation like this, the
Netherlands would be the most protected
country in the world because of the
amazing nature of your food system and
farmers. But look at everything during
COVID and since that the government has
done to shut down the small farmers.
Okay, that's your buffer. That's your
protection. So, the Netherlands is still
in in a great position relative to other
countries, but look at everything your
government has done to switch us all to
lab grown meat.

>> You saw our wrap up on farm food, didn't
you?

>> Yeah, I did. Yeah.

>> Okay. Now, why do I bring this up? If I
want to implement a control grid, it
helps me number one to have less people,
but it helps me to control food because
you and I can go out and create a
community currency. We don't need the
central banks, but but we can't just,
you know, print food out of thin air.
So, um, so controlling food is is
absolutely critical to implementing
programmable money.

>> Yeah. Yeah.

>> So, I look like I'm really cheering you
up this morning.

>> No, I mean you're you're as as as blonde
as always and I'm I was I was already
prepared and I know there's like you
say, you need to keep this the state of
amusement as well. So, I knew we would
also laugh, which we're doing. So, no,
I'm just I'm just trying to um as be as
as uh as critical also as possible
because what what I what I just

>> I understand why um there there's a need
for for less people. people that control
um most of the world they we're a bit of
a nuisance like in many ways ordinary
people are obsolete especially with the
advent of AI and everything that's going
to be built robotics and everything over
the next few years a lot of normal
people are actually of no use anymore
than to to let's say the elites I I
talked about this also with Ian Davis
you know about the the dark
enlightenment and and people like Nick
Land and Curtis Jarvin like some of
these philosophies are being

>> um propagated by people like Peter Theo
and some of the other technocrats. So I
totally get it why why the elites don't
see a need for a lot of people to be
there because we don't offer that much
to them and if

>> so if they reduce population it also
makes sense that whatever is left of the
population you try to control through a
control grid right makes sense right

>> um but it still it's a gambit because
Trump could also lose this and Trump and
the people behind Trump could lose this
this this gambit because it it could
lead to higher food prices in the US and
a lot of uh uh bad consequences that
could eventually leads to a a new regime
in the US as well. I mean, Trump could
be removed because of this. You know,
things turn really bad in the US.

>> I think Trump is Trump is entirely
expendable. The the bankers put him in
to get the control grid and he's done an
A+ job of building it and persuading
people to go along with it in high
speed, you know, and the conservatives,
you know, it's a uni party. So, so let's
go back to the US. The US is very simple
to understand. the US, the whole economy
runs off the federal credit. So 40 to
50% of the income in any county is
directly or indirectly coming off of the
federal credit. So you know, we've
really developed a Soviet economy. We've
really centralized and and it's one of
the reasons we have so many more
billionaires because they're making a
fortune on government contracts and
government purchases and sort of rigged
government deals. Anyway, if if you look
at how that system works, every year we
have the federal government has $6
trillion of expenses and $4 trillion of
revenues and that means $2 trillion
comes from, you know, the central
banking money machine. And so that's
what controls and the question is how do
you market and sell to the population
the things you want to do? And so I
think Trump, and I said this in 2024,
was chosen by the New York Fed member
bankers to basically get the control
grid. His job was to persuade. So, so,
so let's look at the control grid. There
are three general baskets of what you
need to do. The first is programmable
money. The second is digital ID. You to
do programmable money, you require
digital ID. And then the third is you
need the hardware and the software
infrastructure to do the social credit
system and surveillance that you need to
do those two things. Um and so you need
all the data centers is the big one, but
you also need a surveillance
infrastructure and enforcement
infrastructure to back it. So, how do
you persuade
uh how do you persuade conservatives and
people in the heartland to embrace
building that infrastructure? The way
you do it is you say, "Oh, we have
election fraud." Or, "Oh, we have an
immigration problem and so we need a
digital ID to identify who everybody is
so we can't have fraud." Now remember we
had, you know, we had borders and
elections before digital technology. So
it's a bunch of hoie, but it works. And
oh, we need to put together a private
army called ICE with detention centers
all over the country who are free to
enforce without constitutional
protections in violation of the law to
get these hardened criminal immigrants
out. But in fact, it's not to get the
hardened immigrants out. It's to manage
the control grid and do what you have to
do when people get antsy once they see
how it's working and how it comes
together. So, um, you know, so Trump has
done once he got the big beautiful bill
and the funding and precedent going for
data centers. If you look at everything
he's done to build the control grid or
to put the conditions in place to do it,
they now have what they need. They don't
Trump is basically expendable now. Yeah.
Yeah. You said last time to me when we
last talked in the summer uh that they
can they can just easily um let him go.
I mean there's still so much of course
Epstein documents that we haven't seen
yet uh with Trump possibly also
involved. So if they want to let go of
Trump, they could just publish that and
and it's over, right?

# 25:10
# CAF:

>> So uh there's a there's a meme going
around the social media that says it
perfectly. It says
we've raided more raw milk farms than Epstein clients.
Okay.

>> Yeah.

>> And that says it all. So, you know,
there there's no healthier food for you
than raw milk. Unbelievable.
And and yet they're trying to shut down
your healthy food. But the Epstein
clients are free to rock and roll.

>> Yeah. I mean, for Yeah. I mean for the
US the the the conditions are are uh and
also for Europe of course the conditions
are quite good to further implement a
control group because during war or
during shortages of food and during high
inflation just like in co times um there
there's there's a an argument that
governments will make like look we need
to control everything because there's a
shortage so we need to make sure
everyone is on board we need to share so
um and also they want to probably avoid
misinformation online so that's an
argument to start verifying everyone
online that's uh anonymous posting will
also be most likely soon outlawed. So
all these measures will be taken. So as
a result of the war we could see more
control in every nation but at the same
time because of the war we will see uh
also more uh fragmentation across the
world. So for for let's say the elite to
implement a global control grid, this
war doesn't seem to be the answer or

>> so here's the thing. The
let's look at Europe because we just had
Vanderlayan the other day say oh it was
a mistake to shut down nuclear energy.
So essentially, if you if you look at
Europe,
Trump made the deal with Putin on on
dropping the sanctions without making
sure Europe was covered for energy,
right? So we've got the straight
shutdown. That shutdown's part of
Europe's energy. We have uh Putin
saying, you know, he's not going to he's
not going to provide energy to Europe
unless he gets the ban and conditions
and whatever. And what you do is you
make sure I think Putin's getting
another 150 million a day on Russian
oil. It's probably more now. And and so
the cash flows into into Russia are
skyrocketing. At the same time, all the
missiles and radar systems are being
used now and move to the Middle East.
So, so NATO is not there to stop Russia
and and Putin now has enormous influx
of cash flow to finance. Now, if you're
Putin, why wouldn't you go straight to
Adessa?

>> Yeah, he he lacks he lacks proper
internet because Starling has been
disabled. That that's a real setback for
Russia over the past few weeks.

>> I don't know. If you if you look at
everything Trump is doing vis Russia, it
looks like Russia has a clean shot.

>> Yeah. Well, it it seems it seems like
Trump uh and and and Putin are in many
ways working together. Um so basically
what you're saying is that the
fragmentation I see maybe isn't there
and behind the scenes there's still
cooperation and coordination going on
also when it comes to the control grid.
So Terry Misan uh who I'm a great
admirer of had an interesting article
where he posited that we're moving from
the G7 to what he calls the C45.
So you know who the G7 was? This the C45
is the United States, Russia, China, um
who else have they? India and then uh
possibly Japan.
and and basically what it looks like is
to move into technocracy.
Um, America is going to take control of
everything from Greenland down to
Antarctica. So, the the Americas and
then China takes control of the South
China Sea, including Taiwan. Question
is, what happens to Okinawa, and how how
is Japan going to deal with that? And
then somehow Europe and the Middle East
become, I don't know, the Greater Israel
Project. I don't it's not a clear
picture there but um you know Europe is
definitely and the G7 are definitely
left out in the cold.

# 29:30

Now I say that and...
the people who shut down the straits was the city of London.
It was the insurance industry that shut down the straits.

>> True.

>> So so it's not it's very murky. But, you
know, I'm always saying on money and
markets, it looks like, you know, you
got a group of guys doing 1031 swaps all
over the world. So, I don't know if you
know what a 1031 swap is. No,

>> but it's it's a way to swap real estate
tax exempt within the United States.
Okay.

>> And of course,

>> who's representing the United States
worldwide with Putin and Xi Jinping? I
mean, you've got two real estate
developers who are personal business
colleagues of the president running
around, you know, one is his son-in-law
running around making real estate deals
and and land swaps with with basically
the C4,

>> right?

>> That's crazy. Have you ever seen a more
corrupt US government?

>> You know something? I have seen massive
corruption in my life. I have never seen
anything as bad as this. And if you look
at, you know, Trump is trying to control
the elections and basically federalize
the state elections so that he can
control the elections. Now, remember the
people who built the election fraud
machinery were was the National
Republican Party. So, the notion that
the National Republican Party is somehow
going to save us from election fraud is
the most ridiculous thing I've ever
heard. But, you know, but the Democrats
have gotten in the game. Everybody's
doing it. But um if you look at polls
right now, I think the last time I
looked, polling market had 89% chance
the Democrats take the house if the
Democrats. So, but that has there has to
be real elections for that to happen.
And Trump is trying to make sure he can
shut down the elections, but we'll see
what happens if the Democrats win. And
if this keeps up, if he loses the war,
they're going to get the h they're going
to get Senate, too. So, um, you know,
the odds aren't there now, but the polls
say they take the House. When that
happens, you're going to have
impeachment hearings. And people will
say to you, politicians, oh, they don't
have the votes to get through the
Senate, so they can't really impeach. If
you look at what hearings can do to
educate the American people about the
grift that's been going on for the last,
I don't know, two years, four years,
whatever. But certainly in the Trump
administration,
you know, it's going to be mind-blowing.
So, uh, the the grift has been the worst
I've ever seen.

>> Yeah.

>> So,

>> and you've documented, of course, uh, in
in the past, all the missing trillions,
um, from 21 trillion to the most recent
estimate you gave me was was 36, I
believe, but that was already more than
half a year ago. And over the past few
months, it went in overdrive. I guess

>> if you go to our missingmoney website,
missingmoney.seller.com, larer.com or
you go to our X feed. The top graphic
shows you Epstein goes to the White
House in '94 and then it shows you all
the money going missing. That's the 21
trillion between 98 and 2015 and then it
shows you the 29 trillion being of
bailouts during the great financial
crisis and then the 5 trillion injection
on the go great uh on the going direct
reset. you know, for a total combination
of all three of $55 trillion.
So that's the financial coup. And it's
been quite extraordinary, but it's been
the uni party doing it. I mean, make no
mistake about it. We are not allowed to
have a war in the United States without
Congress authorizing it. Has Congress
authorized this war? No. That's why you
see Trump saying, "Well, it's an
excursion, but it's a war." But it's
really not. It's an excursion. Um, and
that's because they're breaking the law.
They've been breaking the law on the
financial management since fiscal 1990
probably 96 or 1998 whichever you know
the we have to depend on what the
document the government documentation we
have but they've been massively breaking
the law and uh and Congress has been
going along with it. Now, I would point
out the president's chief negotiator
with Putin, with the Chinese, everybody
is Jared Kushner, his son-in-law.
At the end of the last administration,
my favorite video of Jared Kushner is uh
he gave an interview after he left the
administration and he said speaking
about the the incredible technological
advancements in life science. He said,
"I'm going to be the last generation to
not live forever or the first generation
to live forever. So, I'm really trying
to take good care of myself." Now, one
compelling reason for depopulation is if
you're going to live forever, you can't
afford for everybody else to live
forever. Right.

>> Exactly.

>> Right. So, and I I would point out Larry
Frink has publicly stated that we now
have a new economic model where we can
grow economically with a shrinking
population.

>> Yeah. Yeah. I know Amy, if you look at
fertility rates across the the globe, uh
it seems like uh we're going to have a
lot less people in the future anyway.
So yeah, but I think this is very well I
I think the current governance system
intends that,
but I don't presume they're going to get
their way. Um, but I will mention one
thing. One of the biggest debates in the
US, so so one of the biggest debates is
programmable money, but another big
debate is pesticide liability.
So they've enjoyed so much success
depopulating by giving vaccines
corporate liability shields um that you
have bear who bought Monsanto coming
around and trying to get both the feds
and the states to give pesticide
liability shields and it's been a huge
battle and in the process we had one of
the micro uh it's called a microtox it's
I don't know they're they're an expert
in sort of microtox
poisoning if you will. There's a bign
name biotoxologist something like that.
Anyway, so we had this wonderful young
scientist on the financial rebellion
show that we do on CHDTV
and we go through the whole show and
she's explaining
what the pesticides do to our bodies,
what it does to our fertility and she's
very sort of documenting and being very
careful. She's a scientist. And we get
to the end and she says, and we clip
this out in our video shorts. She says,
"You have to understand if this
liability protection is provided,
I consider it that that the impact on
fertility will be such that I consider
it an extinction level event."

>> Okay.

>> Now, that's

>> what that what that means. So, you know,
it's been her testimony. our lobbyist um
who lobbies uh several uh Tennessee
she's been she also lobbies on behalf of
fresh food and raw milk and so she was
working with this toxicologist in every
in several states and they've been able
to stop um going forward with this but
then if you look at the extraordinary
amount of money and support that's
coming top down sort of by the mega
to support this. It's no accident.
There's no way given the science on this
that they don't know. There's no way
it's anything other than intentional.
And what's interesting is that, you
know, at the same time they're doing
this, uh, we're watching basically the
fertilizer industry being significantly
impacted or or shut down in many places,
certainly in Europe, by what's happening
in the straits.

>> Yeah.

>> So, so the the battle for control of the
food system is extraordinary. And what
is happening with the straits gives you
an extraordinary
um the straits and other things. If you
look at the Trump policies, you are
looking at massive and thousands of
different actions by government to
severely consolidate farming and
agriculture.

>> Yeah. to talk a little bit more about
control because that that's the one
thing that also really um interests me
because you've talking uh you've talked
a few times uh also with Tucker about
who's behind the control grid and you
mention uh families such as the
Rothschilds and the Rockefellers. Um
what surprises me though is that in the
Epstein fells we can see that Epstein
tells Peter Theor for example that he's
representing the Rothschilds families.
We also see that he had intense contact
with several Rochelle members and he was
also being paid by them. I saw amounts
of like $25 million for just some
consulting. I wish I could charge those
fees. Um but I'm surprised these these
documents are leaked as well then
because normally these types of powerful
families want to stay um behind the
scenes, but in this way they've sort of
their their fingerprints are all all are
all over these documents.
Why would they let that happen? What
what's I don't get it.

>> So, I think that's an excellent question
and I don't know if I know the answer.
So, I always tell the story when I was a
partner at Dylan Reed, I um I just
become a partner and there was a guy who
worked at Dylan Reed, a wonderful man,
and his dad had been the chairman of the
firm. So, he was the guy you went to
when you didn't understand what was
going on, you know, because he knew
where all the bodies were buried.
So we had appointed a new president and
I described this in my online book Dylan
Reed in the aristocracy of stock
profits. Anyway, we had this new
president who was very unlike our
chairman. If you look at the kind of
people he chose and the culture that he,
you know, encouraged to Dylan Reed, this
guy was very much outside the c, you
know, is uh very different. Anyway, so I
said to this guy, you know, where did
how did Nick pick John Berkeland? His
name was John Berkeland. I said, he's
not like a Nick guy at all. And
this and and this guy looked at me like
I was the stupidest person in the world.
It's like, this is why we should never
make a woman a partner. They're
clueless. And that look and and he said,
Nick didn't pick Birkeland. The Ros
Shields picked Berkeland. I said, "The
Raw Shields, what are the Raw Shields
at? We own the firm. The firm is owned
by the partners. We owe the firm." How
is the Ros Shields picking our president
when they're they're not in the firm?
And he just looked at me like, "This is
why you should never make a woman a
partner. They're just clueless." And he
rolls his eyes and walks off and refuses
to answer the questions. Okay. So now
that is to support what you just said
about how you know the families who
manage the equity and institutional
money around the central banks are
always very quiet and there was like
when I was in the administration there
were 10 degrees of separation between
them. You know there was layers and
layers of bureaucracy so that you could
never
do what what is now happening with the
Epstein files. you know there there was
just too many buffers in protection. Now
there was one moment in the
administration where um I was in a
meeting with the secretary and he was
having sort of a manic episode and he
was screaming at one of the regional
administrators for having implemented a
court order and the regional
administrator said to him, you know, in
defense because the guy was really
screaming and yelling and it was quite a
temper tantrum and he said, "But Mr.
Secretary, I had to do it. um it's the
law and the secretary just exploded in
anger and said the law the law I don't
have to obey the law I report to a
higher moral authority and everybody's
looking at him and it was this if you've
ever seen the movie eyes wide shut

>> it's like an eyes wide shut moment where
suddenly you're looking at who really
runs things and um you know and
everybody just looked at each other but
that was a very rare thing to happen and
it was because this guy really was
having a manic episode I used to get
calls from the White House asking me if
he was having manic episodes, you know,
and what they should do.

>> But, you know, that was very rare
because you had so many degrees of
separation. And what's happening is
you've seen steadily, and this is part
of, you know, technology integrating
things. The degrees of separation are
getting thinner and thinner and thinner.
And one of the reasons is the people who
run the governance system are getting
more and more confident in the tools
they've created to control.

>> Yeah. So maybe they're that camp for the
confident that they think well whatever.
Um people can can in the end just know
who pulls the strings. It's us it's fine
you know get get used to it

>> right. But I will say this it's not so
simple because you you do see people in
the you know let's talk about the
intergenerational wealth around the
central banks. You do see people in
those families get assassinated. I mean
when these guys fight they fight mean.
And you know, it's it's not uh when you
hear people talk about what it's like to
live in those syndicates, you know, it's
it's not as easy or safe as it sounds.

>> Yeah. It's like Game of Thrones, right?

>> Right. Perfect. There you go. I think,
you know, they make these films so we
can understand.

>> Yeah.

>> Right.

>> I I I talked to Simon Dixon the other
day. Maybe you've heard of him. He's one
of the Bitcoin OGs, but he in many ways
he's also very much tuned into what
you're saying and he's saying it's like
ruthless out there. So some of these top
families, they're they're vying for
control and and sometimes they work
together and often times they would just
uh destroy each other. Um but he has
also an interesting point when it comes
to programmable money because indeed he
he of course also has acknowledged that
Epstein had an instrumental role when it
comes to funding some of these uh
bitcoin and crypto uh companies such as
blockstream and or MIT

>> but he he says that in the end it
doesn't matter because Bitcoin is open
source software and if people use it the
right way without using these Wall
Street firms and everything then it
could be a tool for for freedom and for
prosperity. It's just that a lot of
people um don't use it the right way and
Wall Street has co-opted uh in many ways
the ecosystem that now it's it's more of
a a tool for for terror but it could be
a liberation um weapon as well. Do you
agree with that if if used properly?

>> So, first of all, let me just say I love
Simon Dixon. I just did an interview
with him I don't know a couple months
ago. I think he's uh you know I just I
really like him.

>> Okay. And uh and so I I think you can
use digital currency if you do it wallet
to wallet and do it yourself. I think
there is a way to use it, you know, that
can work for the freedom team. I don't
think I think it came from a top- down
effort to build a control grid and to
get the freedom team prototyping their
programmable money. But that doesn't say
it can't be hijacked. in the 90s when I
I had a firm that was very high-tech in
Washington called Hamilton Securities
and we had a product in 96 called Just
in Time Money and we were trying to
invent something equivalent to Bitcoin.
So, you know, so I understand the thing
the the problem is we don't have a
financial problem on this planet. We
have a governance problem

>> and you can't solve the governance
problem with money, right? Because it's
not a financial problem. So, uh, now
what Simon wants to do is everybody to
use peer-to-peer wallets.
The reality is you're not going to get
enough liquidity to do that. So, you've
got to deal with a governance issue. And
I realize that it looks hopeless to deal
with a governance issue. But I'm one of
those people who would rather um would
rather face the music now and deal with
a real problem because ultimately you
know there are solutions unless we want
to continue to live on a highly
primitive planet. So and I also think
the control grid will fail. Um so I
think the guys trying to put into
institute the control grid will
ultimately fail and that's why the rest
of us have to have plan B. And and to me
the real solution here is not only to
bring transparency or do what you can to
stop the control grid but do everything
you can to build towards plan B and and
that's what our focus is very much you
know at least 50% on building plan B
because I just think they're going to
fail.

>> Yeah it's interesting plan B can be of
course expressed in many ways. Um, I
have the the privilege of talking to a
lot of interesting people in in this uh
in this scene also like Ian Davis, you
probably also know him.

>> Great. We did a we did a huge promotion
of his book and John Titus did an
interview of him for the Slayer Report.
I think it's fantastic.

>> Yeah. And of course, I also love his
humor and but he he just like you, he he
he propagates the use of cash, of
course. Um but he's even like he's he's
quite extreme in the sense that he also
advises you to just stop using your
smartphone all of that right so

>> which which uh but of course also you
and I we use YouTube to uh to to
disseminate our message so basically
we're using the control grid as well so
that's that's always a little bit uh

>> right

>> um in a way

>> so let's look at what a very successful
financial system would look like it
would be part analog and digital
And it would have both. And what we're
saying at Solarity is cuz you know we
love digital technology is is we need a
balance. We need to not go to 100%
digital technology because that's where
the control grid snaps into place. So
keep do everything you can to keep
analog alive by using cash by uh you
know so if you don't have one I will
send you one. Where is it? Let me get
it. Aarity bag to keep your smartphone
in. Right. So when I'm not uh you know
when I don't need to have the smartphone
on I I use it when I travel. I don't use
it when I'm not traveling. But you know
it's in this Faraday bag. So

>> Oh, nice. Yeah.

>> Yeah. So So

>> I'll send you one.

>> Don't worry about it. I'll

>> So So um you know, so you want a balance
of analog and digital and not let it go
all digital because then then you're
snapping into a whole different parallel
system. if cash goes away and it's funny
because cash is reversing. So during the
pandemic it was going down now it's
reversing. So let me give you some
examples and you know I I see that they
could use another round of lockdowns
because of the straits you know to
change this but um we saw the the
leaders in killing cash have been the
Scandinavian central banks and
particularly the Reichkes Bank in
Sweden. And we saw in 2023 the breaks
bag came out and said given what's
happening with disasters and
emergencies, telecommunications and
electronic systems don't always work. We
were wrong, we need to take cash the
other way. Um, you know, you saw in the
cyclones in New Zealand, the governor of
the of the Reserve Bank came out and
said, "Thank God we had cash. The whole
system would have shut down if we didn't
have cash. Thank god we had cash." And I
said, "We ran it on the money and
markets." And I said to Titus,
apparently he did not get the memo.
Anyway, so so emergencies, disaster
preparedness, all these things has been
pushing cash back the other way, but but
also control. There's so many small
businesses and farms who understand
um the power and the importance of cash.
So if I uh spend €100 in Stavorin and
then it goes around and around and
around and around and around in cash
after a,000 transactions you still have
$100. After a,000 transactions it's g
all gone in fees. I mean the fees that
they're taking out. We had uh um Ricardo
who runs the the investment analyst for
our screen company and then the young
builders which I have to tell you about.
It's fabulous. you you need to plug into
the young builders. Anyway, so Ricardo
and one of his friends were cycling
around and they stopped to get uh milk
from a farmer. He has a uh like a
refrigerator up full of, you know, milk
and you take it out and there's a bowl
and you just put cash in the bowl. And
so one day they stopped by and he was
there and they said, you know, how do
you like your cash system? And he says,
are you worried about theft? He said,
no. He said, "The theft that I deal with
is less than the fees I would deal with
and the cost of buying the machine and
the fees." So, you know, the the credit
card companies and the banks are going
to steal more than my neighbors.

>> Yeah. Yeah. And it usually you also
sometimes mention the tapeworm uh uh
comparison, right? It's the financial
system is like it's like a it's like a
tapeworm.

>> It's a tapeworm. It's a tapeworm. So,
one of the things, one of the most
frustrating things for me is um
I I don't know if you've ever tried to
read the terms and conditions that we
have to agree with to use all this
stuff. So, I'm one of those people if I
agree to use a financial product, I will
try and read the terms and conditions.
Somebody made a documentary about terms
and conditions and published it in 2015.
And it was one of our uh documentaries
of the or movie of the week on the
salary report, but they said if we
honestly read the terms and conditions,
it would take us 3 months a year of the
products we use. And that was 2015. So
we needed an a service. Do you know what
a is? It's a

>> It's old school,

>> right? It's old school. So, we need an a
service and I I spent three months
trying to negotiate with one um and and
I had to read multiple terms and
conditions and I would I would figure
out a way to negotiate and and agree
with the terms and conditions I could
agree with and then they would pop up
with another one that they hadn't told
me about and try and get me to jam it.
And finally after 3 months they came up
with their fourth set of terms and
conditions. And in total the whole term
and condition process was 134 pages in
tiny type. And I got to the the fourth
set and pages 133 to 134 where I found
the single most unacceptable terms and
conditions I've ever read on a financial
product in my life. and I had to cancel
the whole effort and it must have taken
about 20 25 hours for me and our general
counsel, right? But but it was a sneak
attack. And what they were asking me to
agree to is that they could come into
our bank account and take whatever was
there without a court order, without
evidence or whatever, just claiming they
had, you know, that I had violated the
transparency laws in 135 different
countries around the world. Um, and and
so you're required to know what every
country is saying legally and to be in
compliance, which is impossible.
possible. You know, you'd need a team of
20 attorneys to do it, full-time to do
it, and and they can come into your bank
account, take everything, and keep it
for 6 months with no evidence,
documentation, or court order. I was
giving them permission to seize
all of our bank deposits.

>> Yeah.

>> With no legal pre, you know, reason.

>> But it's a strong argument in favor of
cash, right? because this is a real and
acute danger that especially in times of
war and and that they will confiscate
your assets and your bank account and uh
having cash at hand is is is a
protection.

>> Yeah. And gold

>> of course. Yeah.

>> So you know the the guys who want
programmable money are trying to
persuade all the states to do digital
gold and um and if you if you deep dive
what it is, you know that's no solution.
What you need is you need physical gold.

>> Yeah, I don't always promote my own
company because I sometimes want to sort
of keep things separated, but yeah, as
you know, I I run a gold company in here
in Holland. So, most of my viewers
actually are American, so they they can
do cannot do anything with gold. But
yeah, we we do see a a huge surge uh in
in in demand for gold. But the bad thing
is that you used to be able to pay with
cash uh for large amounts as well in the
Netherlands. But since January of this
year, there's a limitation of 3,000 euro
per transaction per month, which is
which is ridiculous, of course, because
at the same time, the government is
saying you need to start having cash at
home and everything. And and and at the
same time, they're saying, "Look, you
cannot use cash too much." Like, what do
you want? You want us to use cash or
not? Like, seriously. Anyway, personal
frustration.

>> No, they want they want control,
right? They want control. Yeah.
Well, thanks so much, uh, Kathy. You
know, I can I can we we maybe should do
a at some point in the future, perhaps
later this year, we should sit down
again in in Stav and maybe record it.

>> That would be great.

>> Like a marathon, like a three-hour
session because this was one hour, I
guess, and it's just uh just,

>> you know, would be great is somehow if
we could get, you know, Simon and Ian
and you and me and, you know,
Yeah. So we we have uh you know we have
apartments, we have a gallery, we have a
place we can gather. It would be great
to get all the freedom fighters together
talking about okay what's the action?
How do we you know how do we how do we
proceed down the road to plan B and walk
away from the control grant. So

>> yeah, at least we can do an online
session but perhaps also in person
because they they all live close by
basically. So

>> here's the thing. What I'm finding, you
know, I've been I've been sort of
meeting and and working with people who
are trying to stop programmable money
for the last six weeks. Um, including
this thing we're doing, the young build.
Can I just tell you about the young
builders?

>> Okay. So, one of the things that was
happening is our subscribers are so
angry about what's happening in
education. They're saying, "Why should I
send my beautiful child to an
institution that is going to, you know,
cost me a quarter of a million dollars
or euros and, you know, basically
destroy their mind, teach them lies, you
know, I just I don't want to do that to
my children." So um uh so we said okay
well let's start a course called the
young builders and it's really about
helping young people learn how to build
enterprise build businesses build wealth
you know where does wealth come from how
do you build a successful life and how
do you do it without wasting your time
and so we uh Ricardo started this
program and um we didn't it's a
prototype so we put out the idea
We got with no marketing, just to our
email list by letting subscribers know,
we got 89 applications and chose 29 of
the most remarkable young people I have
ever met in my life. They're remarkable
and we're doing online, but then we have
events. So, the first event was in
Europe and they came from India and
Switzerland and all over the United
States and Canada. It was amazing group
and um and what we discovered among
other things is they just need to find
each other.

>> Yeah.

>> You know, and if you look at what these
young people, so I'll give you an
example up on our website. Our music of
the week this week is from one of the
young builders. He's 24 years old. He's
an organ composer. His name is Maverick
Moretti. I know his dad who's a
remarkable author. And it's basically he
just published 24 preludes for the organ
based on Bach, but it's so much lighter,
you know, cuz I listen to a lot of Bach.
He's one of my favorite composers. It's
so much lighter and younger and and
really interesting. It's amazing. And
so, uh, he's published it and he's got
his website and he's he's he's helping
rejuvenate organs around the world. It's
amazing.

>> Yeah. My my my boys are six and two, so
I guess they're too young to enroll, but

>> Oh, but they qual actually it was
supposed to be 18 to 28. We had one
young man who was 13 come. His mom came
too. She was amazing. He's amazing. And
uh you know, so we I don't know. It's uh

>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's interesting
and inspiring because yeah, it starts
with that generation. of course they
they they they
need to be um uh in in in in tune with
with with philosophy and and have a
positive mindset um and and really start
building uh alternatives

>> right so the greatest waste of capital I
see in the world is wasting young
people's time

>> and they know it they can feel it and so
one of the you know the way you build a
great civilization is one child at a
time that's how you do it and so we have
to help make sure that we find ways for
whether it's your kids or Ricardo's kids
or Robert's kids or you know, we've got
to make sure these kids have an ability
to navigate what is happening in a way
that doesn't waste their time or or
destroy them. I mean, I see young people
destroyed by, you know, the mind control
programming and all the stuff that's
going on. So,

>> Sure. Yeah.

>> So, so part of it is teaching them to
adopt a culture that will help them be
successful and productive. Yeah.

>> Well, thanks uh Katherine. I think
that's a great positive note to end the
conversation with. As always, true
pleasure to talk to you. Thanks again
for making time for me available.

>> Okay.

>> And um yeah, let's keep in touch. And of
course, just for people just to make
sure they they have to go to salary.com.
We'll put everything in the show notes.
Make sure to follow Katherine and her
work and subscribe and become a
customer. Thanks again, Katherine.

>> Thank you, Paul. Have a great day.

>> You too. Bye bye.
