https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ad660v02O4

Michael Yon: "Gulf States Are Collapsing – Global Famine & Mass Migration Incoming" + WW3

Christian White

2026-03-11

Follow Michael: https://substack.com/@michaelyon
https://x.com/Michael_Yon

#iranwar #ww3 #geopolitics 



---



# 00:00

Hey, welcome back to the show and
joining us today is returning guest
Michael Yan, author, former Green Beret
and America's most experienced combat
correspondent. Michael, how you been?
It's been some time.

>> Yeah, Msako and I just spent four months
in Asia and uh well, we're still in
Asia. We're in Japan now, but but in we
were in Taiwan and then we were over in
Europe. We were in um we spent a more
than a month with Catherine Austin Fitts
in Netherlands. Then we headed up to
Sweden and Norway and Denmark and then
also Germany and then back to Thailand.
And so now we're back in Japan. We were
what we were doing was research on the
exact things that are going on now. Uh
not everything happens in the Middle
East, but it's all part of the same
global war that's unfolding. A lot of
the things that we look at in places
like Panama and Texas and Mexico, it's
all part of the same war. And uh it's
it's quite fascinating on one side, but
also you know uh well it's war. I mean
so it's everything that war brings which
is terrible right now in the Middle East
is is very obviously spreading and um
and that the I think ultimately you're
going to end up seeing famines.

>> I saw you post something if I'm not
mistaken a few days ago. It was a clip
on YouTube uh talking about that. You've
been talking about this for years. So,
if you can kind of unpack your your
thoughts, how it ties in with these
global global events going on.

>> Yeah, people might notice I now have
earphones on, but I didn't when I would
mentioned famine because we had a
technical glitch that took some minutes
to resolve. Uh, multiple restarts there.
It might be because I don't worship
Israelis, of course, you know, the uh
the magical Israelis. Everybody must
worship the Israeli.
Every time I don't worship the Israeli,
they're like, "You're an anti-ite." And
I'm like, "Get out of here with that
crap, dude. That so doesn't work
anymore." That worked a while before.
Now, anytime somebody says anti-semit, I
say, "Oh, you're just a Satanist." You
know, it's like, you know, you know what
I mean? Just just just pick up pull the
pen out and throw it back at him. You
know, it's like it doesn't matter. Uh at
the end of the day, uh the fact is
they've been committing genocide against
uh Gaza and uh full stop. That's just as
obvious as as the world is round. I
think the world is round. some others
disagree. But in any case, the um but
and also what's happening now was it
this was an elective war and it's a it's
clearly a uh a war that's you it's
probably going to get the United States
kicked out of the Middle East uh at this
point. Not to mention the fact that the
Gulf States are probably going to
collapse from this one by one. you know
uh you know Saudi and Bahrain and Qatar
and UAE and and and uh and and and and
Kuwait. I mean this is devastating for
them. So in any case the uh uh so now
the straight of Hormuse is
almost certainly the most important
little spot on earth. Right. Uh there's
a lot of naval choke hold maritime choke
holds that are very important like
Panama Canal obviously Dana Straits
which which we just left Turkish Straits
uh straight of Gibralar Babel Mandeb
obviously Sue Canal um and um and Horn
of Africa and the Straight of Malaka all
very important very very important but
most of them have workarounds except for
Dana Strait. Not much of a workaround
for that one. Uh but except for the keel
canal, but eh you wouldn't really count
that as a workaround. But when it comes
to just vital importance, the straight
of hormones is just it. And now keep in
mind there's more than just the energy
leaving the straight of hormones.
There's also the fertilizer which is
absolutely vital and also the food that
goes into those countries. right now.
Keep in mind, you know, I've spent a lot
of time in those countries except for
Saudi Arabia. I've been in all the
others and the the uh most of the people
in those countries are not actually from
those countries. They're actually like,
you know, Filipinos, Indonesians,
Americans working the people that
actually make the countries work, you
know, as workers. They're mostly from
somewhere else. Most of the rich people
who live there are just rich people who
live there at this point. And so the
countries are actually um artificial
countries in a sense, right? And so but
the the thing is is they need to import
almost all of their food and they have
to import uh they have to desalinate
water, right? Because they just don't
have enough water. Not even close. Water
rationing just won't do it. And and uh
and so they desalinate. So if you take
out the their energy infrastructure,
their desalinization plants are, you
know, they're just going to go because
they don't have energy. or if you just
take out the desalinization plans,
right? So, I think right now, I mean, I
know people in in all over the Middle
East and various countries and a lot of
them are either actually already gone,
they just got out. Others are trying to
get out, desperately trying to get out
in some cases. Others are just like,
well, I'm just going to have fun here
and, you know, and watch what happens,
you know, because they're more uh like
resilient types, you know, and um but at
the end of the day, um
the when the when the water's gone,
those countries are going to collapse no
matter what, right? If the straight of
Hormuz, keep in mind, the Iranians have
not closed the straight of Hormuz. I've
been saying for years that, you know,
people keep talking about Iran can close
the straight of Hormuz. Of course they
can. Uh but Iran would be devastated by
closing this trade of hormones. Why
would they want to close it? So I mean
they there's reasons why they might want
to close it, but there's more reasons to
keep it open. The people that would want
to close it are the people that would
like to cause global famines or attack,
you know, China, that sort of thing. Of
course, Chinese ships appear to be
actually going through, but but Iran has
not closed the the straight of Hormuz.
Uh you keep seeing people say that it's
it's closed because of the insurance,
right? uh so that people are afraid of
getting their ships sank. And not only
that, but if your ship gets sank there,
you're also liable for all the mess that
it causes and that sort of thing. You
know, it can be devastating for the
company. It's not just that ship, it's
also the devastation that it causes,
right? And that ship and that cargo in
and of itself can be pretty dogone
expensive. But, you know, you don't
actually have to do anything to close
it. You just have to threaten that
you're going to hit them with missiles.
That's all. You you just have to say
that there's uh you know, sea mines out
there. or you know who who knows right
but likewise you can you know just like
one of the airports in America
apparently somebody told me a couple of
hours ago maybe Oklahoma I don't know
but one of our airports is closed
because of some bomb threat they came
somebody called it in or something and
uh but you know this happens all over
the world all the time like American
schools and airports and train stations
they get closed because somebody calls
in a bomb threat this has happened for
many many years right and so uh likewise
with these maritime choke holds you just
say hey There's mines out in the
straight of Malaa, you know, and there's
mines at the the Danish Strait. Uh these
different places, you can actually halt
the maritime traffic. But what I'm
getting to is let's go back to the
Persian Gulf. For those who don't have
maps in your head, I actually have
atlases in my head because this is, you
know, I look at maps a lot. You should
see how many maps I have here in my
library. It's a pretty intense amount,
actually. But the um uh and but the
point is is that um when you look at the
map, you'll understand why or you'll
understand partly why the hor state of
hormuse is so important. But a huge
amount of the energy and fertilizer that
the world needs comes out of there. Uh
but as soon as that infrastructure is
burned up, such as in Bahrain, you know,
the the the the infrastructure that was
destroyed and and many other places
where it's being destroyed right now,
you're not even going to need the
straight of Hormuz if that if the if
that infrastructure is destroyed because
there's not going to be any energy to
flow out of it. If there's no energy to
flow out of it, there's no money flowing
into it to buy the food that needs to
flow into it, right? It'll just and if
the water infrastructure the
desalinization plants are destroyed or
disrupted because there's no energy the
people have to leave period and right
again the people that run all that
infrastructure are leaving as fast as
they can right now so you're going to
end up with a sort of a dead pool I mean
the Gulf states will be a sort of a dead
pool because there they'll be either the
energy is not look cutter has already uh
claimed force majour they're not even
producing gas now I mean this is big
deal these are huge deals All right. And
so right now as we speak, the lights are
being turned off in the golf states. So
keep in mind this is permanent or let's
say semi-permanent. I mean you could
restart it again over time. Uh but at
the same time this is not like turning
on and off the light switch because once
that infrastructure is destroyed uh or
the people just leave, you know, if if
uh if these workers in all these golf
states go back to Indonesia and
Philippines and Texas and all these
other places, they're not going to be in
a hurry to go to go on back. And if they
do, it's probably going to be at a much
higher price. I mean, if they were
making X dollars a day, they're probably
going to want like X times three or
something. You know, they're they're not
going to just lock stock and go back and
have to deal with missiles incoming
again, right? And the potential of go
getting into a famine in that actual
area because you just can't get out
easily. And you know, that's a very
serious desert area. You're not going to
just, you know, shle across the Darian
Gap, which is dangerous enough, but
you're not going to you're not going to
walk across that desert. And if you
can't uh fly out and if you can't get
out in some other mechanism, you're
going to you could have some
difficulties, you know, you're going to
have to be in and and and you're not
going to get millions of people out over
that desert. You're going to have to get
them out by airplane or by boat or
something. And the war is only
increasing. I saw I just saw a video
just before we came on of a drone. It
looked like it was hitting the airport
at Dubai and it hit looked like it hit
right beside an airplane or hit a jet.
Either hit it or hit right beside it.
You know, Msako and I again, I predicted
the attack window openly in writing
multiple times from the as they started
to do the buildup from the beginning. I
said, you know, I I think there will be
an attack and I think the window will be
and I was publishing this in writing
multiple times, many times. I think the
window of attack will be the 22nd of
February to uh the 3rd of March with the
most likely being the 3rd of March, no
later than the 3rd of March. And that
the attack happened roughly in about
more closer to the 3rd of March. It was,
you know, beyond it was getting close to
that. Uh it was two or three days
before, right? And so called it pretty
pretty accurately. In fact, we at that
point we were at the Danish Strait. We
were in Denmark. We were looking at that
one. Um and uh and I said to Msak, I was
like, you know what? It's time to punch
out of here because if we don't leave
now, I think they might kick off soon.
And um and I don't want to take Cutter
Air or Emirates, which is normally what
I like to take because those are some of
my favorite airlines is Cutter and
Emirates. Uh and um because I didn't
want to take if it was just me, I would
take Cutter, Emirates, and if I get
stuck there, I would do war
correspondent stuff, but I was with
Msako, so I didn't want to, you know,
potentially get stuck in a war zone with
Msaco. So, um so I said, "Let's take
Turkish air." So we took Turkish air and
we flew through Istanbul and came out
and we got to the other side and you
know and they started attacking. So I
mean we're you know we we got our timing
right. Uh it helps you know if your
analysis is right and you know what
actions to take it does make a
difference. I've been doing this for
decades so I'm getting better at it you
know and uh of course I didn't know when
they were going to attack. I just didn't
know that that was just I was playing
probabilities and uh and it turned out
to be right. What I'm getting to is
playing probabilities. I think we're
going to end up seeing famines and I
think they're going to be sub
substantial famines. Now the the flash
I've been saying this for six years.
Keep in mind I've been talking about
famine for six years now since 2020 and
it's taken a long time to set these
conditions but they're clearly growing.
that conditions are acrewing like
cutting Nordstream, cutting groaning in
the screworms coming up or the fires at
the, you know, chicken facilities in,
you know, United States or or uh uh
people like Germany, you know,
destroying one of their nuclear plants
recently. They blew it up and made like
a big party out of it almost. They
actually were, you know, live streaming
blowing up the cooling towers on one of
their their last nuclear plant in
Germany in Bavaria. Even after
Nordstream is cut, these fools blew up
their nuke plant. I mean, this is this
is epic level cult stuff. I mean, they
might as well just go ahead and all line
up and drink Kool-Aid. Uh because
Germany is being destroyed, right? And
Europe is being destroyed and the United
States for that matter. But as this
energy does not flow through and as the
fertilizer does not flow through the
straight of Hormuz and as the people
leave the Gulf States because they don't
want to get attacked and they're not
going to work in the oil fields, right?
I mean, they're it's it turning out the
lights and again it's not it's not like
turning out the light, you know, when we
it's more than that. When Msako and I,
we went to the BASF plant in Ludvikoff
in Germany twice uh before Nordstream
was blown up. And the second time we


##########todo



went was 14 days before Nordstream got blown up on the 26th September. Right.
So, we were there 14 days before warning that we thought Nordstream was going to some I didn't know they were going to blow it up. I thought they might hit it with cyber attack or something. Anyway,
warning that something likely would happen to Nordstream. Well, they blew it up and um and you know, as I mentioned to you before, there's only two candidates for who did it, and that was United States or space aliens, right?
That's the only people I can think that would have destroyed Nordstream. And uh you know, it wasn't the there's still Germans that think Russians did it. I mean, you can't make up this stuff
again. I mean, why would German why would Russians blow up Nordstream? It's just it makes zero sense. And and uh
even educated Germans will say that.
It just absolutely makes no sense on planet earth.

And also, why would the Iranians close the straight of Hormuz?
Now, why would Zionist do it? Oh, many reasons.
Many re a stack of reasons, right?
And blame it on Iran.

Now, what's going to happen with Europe?
When Nordstream was cut and Groningen gas field was cut in in Netherlands,
which was the biggest gas field in Netherlands,
that greatly reduced first of all just their gas, natural gas that they need for energy,
but also they use
that natural gas for making nitrogenous fertilizers.
So, this has all been raising the prices of fertilizers uh
around the world.
And uh and now with what's happening in the Middle East,
it's going to substantially increase those prices.
There's just not going to be enough ultimately.

And with the energy prices going up, the uh what
what's uh oil this morning? $109 per barrel, I think.
And um I mean, this is uh you know, who knows what it's going


to go. Some people say 150 bucks. I don't know. But at the end of the day,
it's it's going up.
And when when energy prices go up, all prices go up.

15:00
So what we're looking at is reduced capacity to make food
because energy gas
like natural gas you need to make nitrogen as fertilizers and for other things.
You know BASF BASF that giant
chemical company in Germany is the biggest chemical plant in the world.
That's the one we got a tour in 14 days before Nordstream was blown up.
And they produce, according to BASF, 40,000 chemicals or derivative chemicals
uh that are required for manufacturing basically everything on earth right
like you know most things let's say the vast majority
40,000 40 not 14 not four but 40,000 according to BASF
of course I didn't audit that
but you know these things are
when you cut these you know ga you know pipelines that are being cut now and azer
and other places.
all this is adding up, these additive pressures, and ultimately what we're looking at is
there's just not going to be enough food for people on planet Earth.
And what does this do? It's not like everybody's going to starve to death,
but a lot of
people will. And that creates a lot of HOP, human osmotic pressure,
the push and pull of migration.
Meanwhile, the corridors such as the Darian Gap, you
know, we spent a year in Panama after Biden was installed.
I mean coming and going that's been two or three months there at a time or two or three weeks different times you know but in total
about a year since Biden was installed and a lot of that was in the Darian Gap
and a lot of the other time was at the canal and other places out there just checking out because Panama is also very
important. Uh but you see all the infrastructure for the invasion the migration
the invasions are coming through Darian gap all that
infrastructure is still in place the M is still there the international organization for migration you know United Nations highest the Hebrew
immigrant aid society more than 60 different NOS's
they're still there right
uh doctors without morals
red cross they're all there right
likewise
and you see it all over the world it's the same so as this hop unfolds
the human osmotic pressure.
There is no
doubt that you're going to see
in in my mind anyway
based on just the fact pattern.
I think let's just say there's there's there's never a case
when there's actually no doubt, but let's just say there's an extremely high probability
that you're going to end up seeing people coming back through many
routes.
Darian Gap coming up on the beaches of Florida from Bahamas and Cuba and other places, right?
Haiti, um
coming across Canada or into Canada,
you know, there there's there's just so many different ways.
People don't have to come through the Darian Gap, by the way,
to get to to come across the Mexican border.
Many will go into Nicaragua first, especially a lot of the Cubans
and a lot of the Haitians now go through there
and some others, they'll bypass Panama and Colombia and all that.
so you you're going to end up I
think seeing a much larger flood of people go into Europe
like it's already devastated with you know the invasions
but I think you're going to see the I mean it's going to be the kudigra right
and I think the same with the United States
because you got to keep in mind Trump is exactly has turned out to be exactly
what I've warned about
for 10 years again
so many people have said you've turned your back on Trump And again, I'm always saying no, find
it. Never happened.
When Nuke Gingrich called me up probably 10 years ago,
before the first election, trying to get support.
When was that? 10 years ago, I guess.
He called me at my office in Thailand, somehow got my number.
And I said, you know, I'm not going to vote
for a Clinton, obviously. But you have to have somebody better than Trump. I mean, seriously, you know, Trump.
And anyway, because you know, you can see yourself and you can see your opposite.
If somebody is very very similar to you, you'll be able to sense it.
If they're the really the opposite of you, that'll pop off the page, right?
And Trump is the opposite of me. So, he pops off the page.
To me, he's like he's there's no we're not in any way similar to each other except we both use oxygen, right?
And and other than that, yeah, not much really.
We don't have any similarities.
So, he pops off the page to me.
So, my predictions on Trump have turned out to be staggeringly accurate.
Pick anything that I've written. Just throw darts.
Throw a hundred darts. Find it and audit it. Right?
You're going to give me a A++. Right?
How do I do that? People are asking.
It's easy.
I just imagine what I would do and I picked the opposite.
And he does it. He just does it. I mean, so he's he's clearly a Zionist.
When I said that on a Ira Cumins interview in 2024,
I was over in Buenos Aires.
I was in uh in uh with Ira Cumins and Doug Casey's condominium actually,
which is an incredible place, great library.
And uh and uh and and I said on and I and I I were chatting about this this morning actually.
I said, you know, when I when I said Trump was a Zionist.
I mean, I wasn't trying to be controversial.
I'm just saying the fact.
And it's very very important to get this stuff right because it's consequential in your prediction,
your ability to analyze.
If you're not brutal with the facts, you will not be a good analyst. Period.
There's no chance.
You just have to call the ball where it lands no matter what.
Right? And no matter what, he's a Zionist.
Right now, I said that and Z and um and Ivor didn't run the interview for months,
but months later, it became obvious that, you know, Trump was a Zionist.
It may have been like more closer to a year later, I guess.
And then he ran the interview, right?
But the point is, it's very important to get that right
because we need to know what are they up to.

There's different oligarchical systems that are fighting.
For instance, the Zionists are fighting CCP, Chinese Communist Party.
Now, as somebody just told me, actually an adviser to Hegseht
just told me like 30 minutes ago, 45 minutes ago,
that um you know that the people that are going against Israel typically be or say going against Zionist,
let's say actually is more accurate is what what he said was Zionist.
Uh is um which is different than Israel.
It's related, but it's different way different actually. And um but he said those tend to be pro-CCCP.
And I said, I've noticed that too. the people that go against u Zionists tend to be uh pro-CCCP.
And I said, "That's true, but I'm not."
I've written three books on Chinese information war.
Three books, right? I could talk about Chinese information war all day long.
We could we could change the conversation and talk about that for a week, right?
You know what I mean?
I've written three books on it.
I've been all over China researching it and all over Asia and yada yada.
So, uh but but so I mean I'm not pro CCP. I'm the opposite.
But I do recognize that they're fighting each other.
If you look at what's happening in Panama as an example
where I spend so much time, that's Zionist versus CCP.

That's not America versus CCP. You know, Trump is Zionist.
He he represents the Zionist. Down in Argentina is Zionist versus CCP, right? Um Buenoseras is one
of the biggest Zionist and also Jewish cities in the world.
I mean, it's up there almost up there with Tel Aviv and New York.
I mean, it's like probably third place I'm guessing
it's somewhere along those lines actually.
You could look it up, but it's it's it's in that category.
And so when we when I went to
CPAC in November or December of 2024, uh they started off with Viva Israel. No,
Viva Argentina, Viva Estados Onidos and Viva Israel, right?
That I mean that was at CPAC, you know, the big Republican convention down there in Argentina in Buenos Aris.
I went to it.
I went to it because I was close by.
And I also went to a cannabis expo that they had
huge cannabis expo.
And because I was going I was going down to Argentina to examine where people are constantly asking me where should I go? That sort of thing.
Actually, you should probably stand and fight your ground and save your country.
That's what you should do.
but but if you're going to run away,
I mean, I looked at Argentina and you know,
the cannabis expo that we went to in Ar in Buenos Aris,
which was clearly sponsored by the Argentine government
because the names of all these government ministries are up there
and we photographed them like
Ministry of Health, Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Defense,
all these are these were open sponsors of the cannabis event.
You can't their names were up there.
They didn't remove them, that's for sure.
But it looked like, you know,
I mean, it was right there on the major sign as you went into the expo. I mean,
it's clearly right in the middle of a big exposition hall there in in Buenos areas. That tells me right there that they're under massive attack by the by
the intoxicants.
Intoxicants are one of the main WMD used in war.
They're they're they're they're up there with cluster bombs.
You know what I mean?
Intoxicants are unbelievable.
They're slower acting, but they're more complete.
They're much more complete.
They drain you of your wealth.
They drain your family of their wealth.
They drain the communities.
And anyway, not to go into that, but anyway, that
at the end of the day, you've
got Zionist and CCP, I'm sorry, uh CCP and Zionist are fighting each other on various battlefronts such as in the United States, Canada, um Panama,
Argentina.
They're fighting a lot for routes and resources.
They're fighting over ports and that sort of thing down,
you know, down in Panama Canal and Panama Canal Maris and all that.
That's why we were just up in Dan.
I call I call Denmark I call it Denmarisk because
Marisk basically owns Denmark right Denmark doesn't own me you know China owns Costco the big shipping company Chinese shipping company but Denmark
basically uh you know Maris basically owns a country called Denmark that's why I call it Denmarisk you know I mean Maris is a massive logistical company
shipping is just notice that Denmark notice that Maris was one of the first shipping companies that said we're not we're not going through the straight of Hormuz right and so um anyway there was
a reason why we were up in Denmark and it was all related to this.
But what's going to happen?

I think what will happen is we will end up in famine
and we will end up with open borders which they're still open.
Trump has not done any mass deportations.
It just has not happened.
There is no sign that it's happening.
I was just talking with the ICE guy a few hours ago.
There's zero sign that it's happening.
Zero.
Right?
It is absolutely not happening.
In fact, Trump is allowing more people to come into the United States.
He's just doing it on visas, right?
And there's still people that support him because that's how cults work, right?
And at the end of the day, he's there to basically burn down America.

if you want to destroy the United States and Israel...
because I think Israel itself is being used as a sacrificial lamb to the Zionist actually
as well because you know October 7th was clearly a MSAD/Zionist attack that they
26:0026 Minutenused to have cause to clear out Gaza right
so they need
so they you know allowed allowed all those people to be killed
which obviously you know the Zionists did that and uh you know they used Hamas to some level, but it was a Zionist attack.

It appears to me that
they're planning to superersize that and do all of Israel like that.
They don't care about Israelis.
Zionists don't give a crap about Jews.
They don't care about
Although many Zionists are Jews.

Many Zionists are atheists.
And the bulk of Zionists seem to be or definitely are Christians.
But when it comes to the leadership of the of the of the Zionist,
real hardcore movement that's, you know,
going to war with Iran,
that's going to be a lot of actually Jewish Zionist and atheist Zionist.

Keep in mind, Jews and Zionists kill each other daily.
They've been doing it forever. Not forever.
I think the first uh person that the Zionist assassinated was a Dutch Jew in the 1800s.
Like a Zionist actually killed a Dutch Jew because he didn't he didn't go along with the plan.
I mean, the Jews and Zionists have been killing each other for a long time.
They kill each other in large numbers.
They hate each other, right? And so, um and so it get it gets kind of complex, I understand.

But at what what we're looking at though are people that want to demolish the world.
We've got also three groups that want Armageddon, right?
We got a lot of Christian Zionists, which is the way I was raised,
which think that, you know, God's chosen people, the Israelis,
the let's say the magical elves.
This is a bong, by the way, that I bought in I
think in Japan, either Japan or Thailand.
And um yeah, you can't you can't make up this stuff.
They're selling this for kids in stores.
a bong.
All these things, little football player bong.
This is actual warfare, right?
That you know, these are we've got so many of these things.
Ms and I are collecting them because we want to use them at times like this and show people.

but the magical elves,
we've got three different major groups that are fine with Armageddon for different reasons.
Some
Christian Zionists want to pull all the Jews over to that magical land and there's your chance to convert.
If not,
then death to you, right? And obviously a lot of the Jews realize that and they're like,
"Hey, these Christian Zionists who help with all this money
and stuff, all they want to do is get us over here to get us slaughtered off or converted."
You know what I mean?
So, they're like, they're not buddies.
They're not even fremies.
They're enemies that, you know, uh,
leech off each other for various reasons.
And, uh, but they work like that, even though they want to kill each other.

And so then there's uh obviously some Jewish Armageddonist,
let's call it.
And then there's some Shia as well.
So there's a lot of Shia that also looking at the end of time.
So you got three different groups here
that are all like ready to all do Armageddon from different directions, right?
At the end of the day, the chances of nukes flying are considerable, right?
And also uh and and I don't mean a you know one in 10 chance.
I' I'd say at
this point greater than 50%.
I would not doubt also that there's a false flag first in a place like the United States, nuclear, right?

because keep in mind if Israel or the United States just flatfooted launches nuclear attack on Iran,
I mean that's pretty bold move, because at that point Russia and China and anybody else with nukes
are going to be like, "Wow, we're next."
I mean, they just like from completely out of left field did a nuke on a country because they could.

now, how would you react if you had a bunch of hypersonic missiles with nuclear weapons on them?
I mean, you might actually start lighting us up
and hopefully hoping that we don't get anything else off the ground, right?
I mean, that would be the that would be it for the United States.
And and we would never talk again because satellites would be gone
and that would be that, right?
And um and so and and uh and there would be obviously
for the rest for the survivors it would be Road Warrior stuff,
Planet of the Apes.
And so um uh now that could happen.

Now, one way to avert just a a global exchange would be for to do like,
you know, basically a giant October 7th with nuclear weapon or weapons in the United States,
like I don't know, nuclear weapon blows up New York or Miami or someplace, right?
And uh Los Angeles, some place just blows it up.
Some place that they don't want to have really.
So, they probably would want to keep Los Angeles.
Maybe not. I don't know.

Uh and um I can see reasons why they wouldn't want Los Angeles actually.
Uh and uh and they'll probably CAC one off and or more in places that they wanted to get rid of.
Uh and which would be opposition and that sort of thing.

Uh and then now the United States, you know, hey, we just lost a city or two or three or whatever.
uh you know when Russia and China see that
which they would see it within you know like 10 seconds
they would realize that we're about to respond
and it could be incredibly unpredictable.
What would they do at that point?
Would they pile on and go ahead and launch on us?
Or would they watch us say, "Hey, Iran just nuked us,
you know, another October 7th, but this time nuclear with millions dead
and watch the United States put multiple nuclear weapons onto Iran or even others but not respond.

I don't know. Nobody knows.
And it doesn't have to make sense.
It doesn't, you know, we're talking game theory here with nuclear weapons, right?

uh you know we're we're you know and we're talking about people that are irrational
and people that uh are actually straight up evil
you know I
mean these core level uh the really core level Zionist are hardcore evil
they're very similar to the agori cannibals that
I tracked in India and Nepal and other places
they're very similar to them
that the agoris
they believe
and I've interviewed many
of them at great length they believe that they agore is a religion.
A G H O R alpha, golf, hotel, Oscar, uh Romeo,
right? Aore in Sanskrit language, it means not terrible or not terrific.
They mean they think that everything that the god or the gods make is perfect.
So if you're disgusted by anything, you're disgusted by God.
So these agorories, of which there's still plenty, including some Americans,
they believe that they should do ultimate evils, right?
anything absolutely anything right
and they will achieve what's called moia
they'll get release
they'll get infinite power right
like no boundaries no rules no ethics no morals, nothing right
and uh when I look at the
core Zionist not the periphery a lot of the periphery are probably good people but they just don't really know what the game is and you know what I mean they
I'm supposed to support Israel so I do type stuff you know what I mean
they're not necessarily evil people.
They've got day jobs and stuff and you know they believe what they see.
So, but they're not necessarily bad people at all.
They might be quite good.

But the core level ones, the ones who run Epste Island,
the ones who push the death jabs, right?
Uh the ones who are obviously creating global genocide with death jabs,
uh abortion that's basically almost retroactive.
I mean, you know, you know,
Israel is a huge abortion state.
It's a huge drug state.
Highly drugged up people.
And the country lets them do it.
I mean, I've never seen people smoke more dope than than Israelis.
I mean, they're like, you know, country of Bob Marley's, you know,
and  they've quite lost their mind as a collective, as a country.
You can see that when you're there. It's uncomfortable.
And they'll always blame, you know, it's the everybody hates us or whatever,
you know, it's like, you know, I don't know.
know it's the whole missiles thing and you know torturing prisoners and whatever
you know it's like you know Epstein Island pedophilia yeah kind of
builds up some animosity
you know and uh and and and
and obviously always professional victims are always predators right
and and so you can see that that thing going on

but let's get to the core level Zionists
they want ultimate power
they don't care what they have to do to get it
right they have you know like gold fever except for power, right?
And they and they believe that doing by through doing evil, you will attain that power
exactly as the agorities think, right?

So, in other words, you don't have to
if you had somebody that you wanted to be a made man in your organization
because you're going to make him secretary of defense
or a director of FBI or something like that,
they're going to take him off to, you know, the to the place where
all right, you're going to have to do some act in front of all of us
and the cameras here uh that you know is just
overthe-top absolutely beyond the pale of everything on planet Earth.
And you're gonna have to do it to prove you're one of us.
And once you do that, you are definitely one of us
because you ain't ever leaving this pack at that point, right?
And so, uh, you know, and that's how people that want ultimate power,
there's nothing they won't do.
Especially if they feel safe in that evil group, right?

But the problem with dancing with the devil is you are dancing with the devil.
And who dances with devil? Other devils, right?
If you're dancing with the devil, you're the devil.
You're another devil, right?
and devils kill each other.
They don't have any they don't have rules.

The only rules that they actually have are like law of the jungle.
The you know, if you're sitting at the table with them,
it's because you have something of power.
You have power that they want.
But as soon as they feel like they've got more power than you do, they'll take it, right?
So everybody knows that it's an uncomfortable environment, right?
It's very uncomfortable because as soon as they have the advantage, they'll kill you, too.
They'll kill each other.
You know, it's Game of Thrones, but on a on an epic scale, right?
That's what they're doing.
They're playing Game of Thrones.
They don't care if a billion people die.
They'll laugh at it.
They they take enjoyment from that.

Look at him, you know, Trump mocking the people he got to take the jab.
Mocking them, right?
Just, you know, he holds MAGA in contempt.
You know, he would always tell the snake parable.
Look, you know, you knew I was a snake when you picked me up.
He's telling you who he is.
He's saying, I'm the snake.
You knew I was a snake when you picked me up and I bit you, you old fool.
You know, he's always he told that thing over and over and over, right?
He that
that's what he's doing.
They they hold these they hold each other in contempt.
They don't care.
They want global famine.
They want to see you
notice they've started over the last few years minimum to normalize cannibalism.
You'll see it pop up and all over the place like cannibalism this, cannibalism that.
you know, it's often popping up
like it never did in the past, right?
in the past it would pop up occasionally.
Now it's like a normal background.
You just see it occasionally, right?
In some regard, you know,
but the the idea that they would take at Epstein,
let's say all
these children that are disappearing after they come across the border, where are they going to?
How can you disappear that many children?
And they're coming into, you know, the Walmart at Brownsville, Texas.
You know, the former Walmart.
We've been there at Southwest Key.
We've been there, Video, photographed.
You can't as soon as you approach there, the guards are running out to engage you, right?
But that's like right downtown, right next to a McDonald's,
you know, you know where you know Trump likes to advertise.

And uh you know the the the idea where do these kids go?
Where do they vanish? Huge numbers of children just vanish into thin air, right?
Are they doing something with them?
Are they processing them?
are they uh are they drinking their blood?
It wasn't very long ago that this sounded completely crazy and insane to the normal people
and to me the whole Pizzagate thing.
I'm like
now of course as time has unfolded
and also I've tracked down those agorories
and studied them quite in detail year before I went to the wars.
it's actually obvious.
It's obvious that Epstein Island was like the Zionist version of Agore.
I mean, they're doing everything that you want.
It was fantasy island, dark fantasy island.

You know that.
Remember the old show tattoos, zip plane, zip plane.
You know, it was fantasy island.
You can do anything you want out there.
You know what happens on Epstein Island? May or may not stay on Epstein Island.
But, you know, if you want to be in the club, you got to go do dark things with dark boys and girls, right?
And then there you are.
You're in the club.
the riches that can acrue to you are massive.
You know, minor billionaires can become major billionaires and possibly even trillionaires, right?
they'll get to the point where they buy and sell countries like Ireland in the future.
You know, country stores or company stores used to be normal in the United States.
There were company stores all over the United States, at least hundreds.
I don't even know.
I mean, I've got quite a few books on there, but there but there's one still at least in in um in Arizona.
It's I think it's a copper mine, may be owned by um um Robert Freedelland.
but there's nothing bad per se about a company town.
So, I mean, the way that company towns often form is, you know, there's copper out there and it's in the middle of a desert.
I mean, how are you going to get it out of there?
You got to get workers out there.
Well, I mean, what is the Middle East?
What is the golf states? They're all company towns.
I mean, I never thought about it like that before,
but as I explain it, those are actually company towns.

Like if you ever been to Qatar or whatever, because it's not that many people that are
actually from there to begin with, and it's you know, people that you've packed in to work at at these facilities,
right? And to service the few people that actually live there in Qatar or Saudi Arabia or whatever.
So that's what company towns were.
So imagine you've
got all this copper out in the middle of the desert in, you know, Arizona
and there's no road out there, no water, you know what I mean?
Somebody's got to supply it somehow.
So a company will come in if it's, you know, if they found enough copper
and they'll build the houses and maybe build a railway out to it,
at least a road
and uh and then, you know, they'll start, you know, building up,
they'll build the schools, church, they'll own the preacher, the preachers maybe,
and they will they'll have they'll own the little clinic hospital.
Well, they'll know everything because it's the company's everything, right?
It's the it is a company town.

Now, keep in mind these company towns.
So, you know, when you get in debt, you owe the company store.
You know, you you it's like in in the army, you get very low or free rent even.
You're not going to want to leave.
You're kind of a slave.
you can certainly get to become a slave if you get into debt,
which they will encourage you to do to get that new truck.
You know, you want a big old pickup truck.
Well, you know, we got special loans.
Next thing you know, you're in debt.
You're in the company system.
Now, you're like one of the farm animals for the company town, right?

And again, there's nothing per se bad about a company town.
Like, we visited a coal mine near Nagasaki maybe six months ago.
And it was an old company town for a long time.
There's the only way to get that to get that coal out of the ground.
It's an island out there. It's desolate.
It's not a very nice place to live.
So, it took a lot of money to do it.

but then they often become bad, right?
Like, and so you can buy and sell company towns.
You can like, hey,
here's a copper mine.
I'm I'm done with it.
Uh, I want to sell it.
Somebody want to buy it? You can buy and all the people, we got the schools,
everything's up and running.
It's a turnkey company town with sheep, you know, and uh and so there you go.

And that's what we we became like company countries.
You look at Denmark, it's like a company country.
You look at the Gulf States, again, they are like company countries.
I mean, they're they're, you know, all the workers are from somewhere else.
They take the passports in some of these countries
from from Filipinos and Indonesians and Malaysians that come over.
They they'll take their passports.
You can't just run off at the airport and leave.
Before you leave, they have to check the computer
to see if you owe anybody money or anything like that, right?
So, I mean, you you are effectively trapped.

And so, um, now keep in mind, imagine this is Ireland
and it's 20 or 30 years from now and
Ireland's been properly decimated.
Irish are all gone.
Maybe a few kept in a zoo for, you know, this is what the Irish used to be like.
They're feeding them whiskey like,
"See, he's a drunk Irish guy, you know, and this is how we beat him, right?"
You know, I mean, that sort of stuff.
And you know, let's say some trillionaire buys Ireland.
You know, I like Ireland, you know, and uh and uh you know,
he just buys it and they, you know, they're doing whatever they do on Ireland
and and they buy the aisle of
man, buy buy, you know, Cuba or whatever.

I mean, that's the kind of world that they're going.
That's what they want.
They want a world where the the minor billionaires
are the basically the the help, right?
and the and the and the uh in and the uh you know the major billionaires and the trillionaires.
That's the people at the the super ultra country clubs
which are ran by people that you know if you get out of line
there's not going to be any like go to courtroom and sue anybody.
You'll just be fed into the meat grinder and you'll fertilize the chickens.
You know what I mean?

I mean this is I mean this is like no kidding serious beyond 1984.
That's what they want.
That's what ultimate evil wants is ultimate power.

But there are some people in their way
like the Russians, the Iranians, the Chinese,
even as bad as some of these groups can be,
they are not going along with the program.
And Iran is, again the straight of Hormuz,
arguably the most important little spot on planet earth, the straight of Hormuz, right?
And Iran itself (beyond straight of Hormuz) is an incredible corridor and has been for many
centuries, right?
It's I mean it's just incredibly valuable.

What I think you're going to see is the Gulf States will collapse
because they're going to cut off their water.
there's going to be a huge reduction in availability of fertilizers globally
and energy as well
and with a long flash to bang
you're going to end up seeing food shortages go into famines
you're going to see massive amounts of directed uh migration to finish off final places
like America
which is still not sufficiently over the demographic hump
but they're pushing it like you know a lot of Europe is just
gone I mean they're they're gone and uh And um it like

Luxembourg is over 50% foreigners.
We stayed there for I don't know more than 10 days, almost two weeks maybe.
Little Luxembourg is like I don't know 50 55% maybe.
I don't know. It's some huge number.
Uh but the um and then that'll be it.

Then you'll have groups that all over the place that that none
of them have the critical mass to be in control
and you can pit them against each other
and make them fight each other.
You can spray them with poison.
You can poison their water.
You can poison their food.
You can poison everything.

If you don't like the number of people that you got, reduce them.
kings have done this for centuries.
I have books on it.
Old books where they're talking about how to reduce your population.
This is old techniques.
or Victorian famines.
I mean, the British did it and the British did this to Ireland, right?
I mean, you know, 1845ish to 1854ish, you know,
depending on when you want to put the book ends of the uh of the actual huge last big famine.
Uh but the um but reducing populations through famine and through war and through other mechanisms is old old stuff.
I've got a book here. I haven't read it yet.
It came in some months ago before we left on this latest trip.
And it's about Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey
swapping parts of their populations.
you know, they're swapping like, you know, you take these people, we'll take those people.
It's a book from 1932.
So, I mean, you know, all this is old.
The ideas aren't new.
It's not conspiracy theory.
It's just like it's normal farming for people at that level.

And again, they look at their populations as sort of like farm animals
that, you know, hey, we need more sheep.
Get more sheep.
You know, let more guest workers in.
Uh oh, we've got too many guest workers, you know, get rid of them.
you know, uh so this is this is just normal business
and uh and it's now it's on a huge scale.
We've got obviously AI
that you know it looks like the looks like the tech bros are trying to take over from the banking bros
is what it looks like.
And um it's unclear, you know, that'll end up being its own war
if so.
I mean something some

AI places apparently just got blasted over in the Middle East.
I'm curious why they even built stuff there.
You know, you know, I've often thought when when I was doing a lot of war stuff in Iraq and Afghanistan,
I thought, you know, it'd be good to just get a condo in like Dubai
because then then it's easier for me to get out of the wars and transition over to the other war
because I didn't like going straight back and
forth between Iraq and Afghanistan.
I like to have a
because I needed different gear and different ones
and you know what I mean?
and and and it's good to take a break and go finish up
the writing or whatever I did from Afghanistan and then shoot over to Iraq and then back,
you know, it's good to have a little transition point
because sometimes I go right back and forth and
I realized it was too much.

Uh but I thought about getting a condo there and I thought, you know,
they're super expensive and um and uh and eventually
this place is going to be at war, too.
I always I could just, you know, you never
never let a calm day on a Florida beach make you think that that's not hurricane territory.
You know what I mean?
you know, that's that's hurricane.
And same with Poland and places like that, you know,
Europe, I you know, I lived in Europe for about six years
and at some point I realized, you know what, Europe is the white people Middle East,
you know, especially if you're in a place like Poland,
you know, where the invasions naturally go through.
That's that's just where the tides come through Poland.
Nice flat ground between, you know, Europe and Asia.

if you're sitting in a place where a lot of humans live,
especially if it's got anything valuable under its feet
or if it's between valuable things
like an on an important route, you know,
you can pretty much expect sooner or later you're going to be in a war.

but some places like Poland and places in the Middle East they're especially
with all that energy all the oil and the different
remember wars are about routes resources and ideology right
so you've
got ideological massive ideological differences in the Middle East and ideology boils down to human resources actually
but you've got you know Sunni versus Shia
different types of Shia
different types of Sunni
you got Jews of course you got Christians
you Yazitis, you got different groups of Astrians.
You got all these different groups.
You know what I mean?
There's just is like some fish don't mix well in the same aquarium
and there's a lot of money involved
and there's huge routes involved
and they got some very serious weapons
and the willingness to use them.

Bottom line, I think famines.

---

Wow.
I am literally just uh taking all that in right now.
Um okay, so wow.
I guess I'll start off in saying that
with the whole Trump thing,
you know,
people that are still with him, I don't know what to say.
I really don't know what to say.
I mean, it's very evident that that he is part of that Habad Lubovich clique,
which I'll also say tangentially.
I have heard that Habad also controls Russia.
I've heard
that uh Putin from an early age was was raised in a Chabad Luovich environment
and uh the same thing over in Iran.

Um I am leaning towards I don't know if you I know you're running around all the time but
I have been going deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole of the power structure the power matrix Michael and
I've come to the concl I've at this current iteration that I'm at is that um
you've got this Sabatian Frankus Jesuit
perhaps some other click that is basically trying to fment it and stir the pot
depopulation
they're in they they're in the trafficking
the drugs
that's why we continue to see forever wars
why we consider
why why we continue to see a lot of the challenges plaguing society despite uh being in the 21st century
and that that's basically the destination I've arrived at.
And I think that I know you mentioned about the CCP and the and the Zionist earlier.
I mean would you even make the case
that perhaps even there's a there there's an entity or a clique above them
that's you know just kind of
proddding them along getting them to to fight.

---

You can sense it.
I mean, you can sense that it's there.
I don't know what's doing.
It's like you can sense that, you know, you can tell something.
There's another layer.
And you can just it's there,
but I don't know what form it's in.
I don't know exactly who's who in the zoo with that.
It's going to take some time.

You know, there's, as you can see, a lot of people like me who used to support Israel.
I was raised in an environment that supported Israel.
That's just how I was raised, right?
So it took a long time to come to the realization
like hey this isn't the place I was taught about
you know
especially when I went there
uh and uh you know and then eventually I just like wait a minute these aren't our best allies
you know at all
in fact they want us dead
and they but they want to bleed us of all of our wealth in the meantime
right
and um so uh and then there's people that want the same for Israel
because of you know ideological reasons
but but um but there is some other level at a minimum at least one.

Now keep in mind this other level has always been going on.
If you look at um say Spain and Portugal and you know
Portugal started being sort of the maritime power in 1415
when they went after uh they left and attacked Suta and
which is now in Morocco
and uh and and so so
Portugal was the first I mean
that was sort of out of the Mediterranean you
know maritime you know going for
it and the next thing you know the Portuguese are going around Africa
and they end up all over you know in in India and and
even Japan and that sort of thing.
But as time unfolded, the Spanish got involved in 1492-ish.
We remember that one guy, Christopher Columbus.
he was Spanish, but not to go into that, but but then you get
in 1494 in the Treaty of Tortois that the Spaniards
and and the uh and the Portuguese, both of whom were Catholic,
they were starting to go into competition.
So the Pope Alexander III,
he started going um wait a minute, my boys are gonna fight each other?
And that level, the at the Pope level, he wants to de-conflict between the Catholics
and the I mean sorry, between the uh uh between the Portuguese and the
Spanish, right? So he wants them to not be fighting each other over the same land.
That doesn't make sense for the Pope.
He wants, you know, hey, Portuguese, you play over there and Spanish, you play over there,
but you just have to take these uh you you just have to take, you know, these missionaries with you, right?
And you have to pay the pope, you have to pay the man
because that's that that was the next level of architecture.
Then about 30 years later, he did the other treaty of Sarraosa, right?
and uh and between them and that's when you see that's why that's why Brazil speaks Portuguese today
because in the original treaty
that was back when they didn't know much about the world at all
they didn't even know exactly where Japan was
you know or anything like that
you know there was just rumors
and and uh but you know 30 years later I mean the Portuguese were running around over there
and you know the next thing you know you know
the pope draws that other line so you had you know he was dividing the world between Spain and Portugal
and again that's why you know part of the Americas speak Spanish
and Brazil speaks Portuguese.

Now you go over to Philippines and that's why Philippines,
you know, they that's why it's called Philippines.
It was named after King Philip, you know, Spain, right?
And so what I'm getting to is
this was all part of that other structure
was the Vatican at that point, right?
And uh then we get into about the
yeah as time goes on maybe 1540 or so
in that time frame
the Jesuit uh academics out there can correct me
but right about that time is when the Jesuits start to you know
the new music starts to play and the Jesuits show up.
I think Xavier may have showed up in Japan in 1539.
I'm sorry, my memory's off.
But Xavier, he was a Jesuit, right?
And uh and and you know
the Jesuits, those are super educated.
They were like the special forces of missionaries.
multiple languages, really academic, you know, map making and all kinds of stuff, right?
And they ended up in Japan and other places.

And actually, Msako and I about five months ago
before we just did this long four-month trip.
We were down in Nagasaki
and we actually talked with a
Jesuit priest there and he led us into his sort of private library
and we spent the afternoon talking with him and looking at books and what
he was very helpful actually.
But so the Jesuits are still thick down in Nagasaki because you got to keep in mind the the the uh when the Jesuits came in,
they were power centers down in that area for a while,
but they you know the the Japanese started calling them nonbonds,
which means southern barbarians
because like the Portuguese would kidnap people and,
you know, rape and murder and all that,
they called they kicked the nonbon out.
They let the but they let the Dutch come in
at a little island down there.
Uh and um they made a tiny little trading post for them.
So the Dutch who were Protestant,
they weren't proselytizing
They let the Dutch travel or they couldn't travel actually.
They had to stay on the island.
But you had when you did your sort of visa run, you checked into
Nagasaki, it's a little island down there.
And um it took him like three months to get up to Ado,
which was the old name for Tokyo,
and like three months back.
It was like six months for a visa run, you know, it's like
and you had to be under, you know, basically with guards the whole way, that sort of thing.

And anyway, but they let the Dutch stay there
for that was several centuries, right?
Until 1854 is when the United States opened up Japan.

But what I'm getting to is
there were other structures obviously in
the Vatican was a big structure there for a
while but then keep in mind then the Protestants get involved
then they have their structure because the Dutch were from a different structure
you know they were Protestant right
you have the 30 years war and all this different stuff
you know there's there's different structures that always

there always seems to be another structure that evolves
anytime there's more than two or three major groups fighting
it seems like another structure evolves evolves out of that.
It's like another structure grows on top of them to organize both of those or more structures.

I don't know how this life works, but it's quite fascinating.
I go for these long walks and try to figure out how these things work, you know,
sometimes you just have to go for long walks and be quiet and try to sort this stuff out,
you know, because you know, I've read so many books.
I've gone and seen so many people in so many places and and
but what you really have to do to put this stuff together is get good sleep and go for long walks
because there there it's uh the these structures clearly have evolved over time.
They've been emergent, right?
You know, some people say the Jesuits are actually Jews
and and you know, it goes, you know,
and the thing is is they probably some
of this will almost certainly be true because anything with power will end up getting infiltrated.
Whatever it is, Washington DC,
you think something with that much power is not going to draw, you know, people that want power,
they're going to go to it like a photophilic moth.
I mean, they're going to go straight to the lantern, right?
They're gonna anytime there's power, the people are going to go to it
and uh and then they're going to infiltrate each other.

Infiltration is not like a one-way street.
They'll be, you know,
like this one's like we're intermaring them, but meanwhile they're intermaring you.
There it's a it's a 
they grow together.
It's like everything you touch
touches you.
And that's true of religions as well.
So you have religions that are constantly splitting
into denominations or sects or whatever you want to call them.
And they're constantly fusing in syncratically,
right, into synretatisms, right?
Like you when you're out with the Yazidi people,
Yazidi are like to me they seem like a
I studied them up quite a bit
before I went out with Yazidis up in northern Iraq and I'm like,
man, this is a combination of like Christianity obviously
and Islam obviously and
Zorastrianism and
it looks like some Hinduism sprinkled in there
and some Buddhism.
It's like a it's like a stew of syncric stew, you know.
It it's quite fascinating.
Of course, they'll tell you that
the Yazidis will tell you they're the oldest religion in the world.
And I'm like, you're gonna have to bring that up.
But the Hindus, you know, you guys can sort that out.
I'll just listen to you talk.
But but the uh Yeah.

So anyway, what I'm getting to is
you see
these structures, these power structures evolve over time
and some come and go
and seem to just vanish
and others they just keep morphing and
like the Catholic Church is obviously still very powerful
but it's obviously you know splits
and also um you know how many split how many parts of it are there? I don't
know, you know,
cuz uh and and h who who would know?
Would the top Jesuit priest even know? I don't know.
I mean, how would he know?
How would the top Zionist even know?
How how are the the biggest expert on Zionism in the world,
if you I bet you if you had 10 of them,
the top 10 of them at a table, they'd start they get in a fist fight
talking about how it's structured because they they
probably don't actually truly know like how does a jungle work?
Who's king of the jungle?

I mean, you know, it's a jungle out there
and it's constantly it's constantly moving, too.
It's not like it's constant.
It's not like it's static.
It's not like this thing sits still
and you can just
it's going to stay still for you and you can study it.
No, this thing's constantly changing.
And it's the same with the human architecture,
these human ecosystems that we live in.

---

Yeah.
You know, I'll comment in that.
um you know because we're touching on the the power structure here
because you hear a lot of people talk about
it's the Jews
you know you you hear about it
so much but you know I started genuinely
just trying to understand like why do I hear this so much what's going on um and yeah it
it's led me to well I
mean that that assertion is obviously erroneous it's really to get more granular
that Sabatian Frankist and then
there's a cultish supremacist element within Habach God and and then that ties in
with the Vatican
and other that ties in with uh what city of London
with uh I mentioned Vatican already
and then BC
that's kind of like the the the triumvirate or whatever you want to call it
and that's kind of from what I've gathered my mental model
and then some say it's something not of this world you
know as far as directing it.
So that that that's where I'm at
and you me

---

we're all trying to figure it out man
we're all trying to figure it out like Yep.

---

Yeah.
Yeah.
And then um I was also going to mention um Okay.
So, okay, you you covered a myriad of things in the first 50 minutes.
So, I'm just collecting my thoughts
and um you me the famine thing there.

So, it sounds like if you're in a big city, get out.
Is that that's the memo I'm getting from you.
Basically,

---

if you can uh
I mean, not everybody's going to be able to do it.
Not everybody's got the ability
or the I mean,
where you gonna go?
Uh, you know,
not everybody, say everybody leaves New York City, where are you gonna go?
Out and live in a field somewhere with picked pecans off the tree.
And this is the thing.
I mean, um, a lot of people do have the ability to go
but I wouldn't stay in a big city,
that's been my policy since day one.
I don't like big cities, you know,
but I like I like the jungles.
I like being out there with the Indians and the Daring Gap, actually.
I feel quite nice out there.

but most people
what what are they going to actually do?
They have to somehow support themselves, right?
So you're going to have to actually
I know people don't like to hear this,
but the best thing to do is generally going to be to
stand your ground and not let the thing run you over.
I mean the advice to run away isn't necessarily the best advice.
The best advice can be stand your ground.
And you're already in a great country if you can keep it that way.

But where you going to go
if you if you let America just go and be weaponized against you, it's going to kill you.
I mean, I mean, the way things are going at this point,
I mean, evil people are getting in charge of some serious weapons.

A, you know, mounting AI along with weaponized uh,
you know, supply chains and drones and all kinds of stuff.
you know, the ability to I mean, the best thing to do is don't let it happen.
Is to stand your ground.
Actually, I mean, that's why I've spent a that's why I spent so much time over the border.
I've been all over the entire US southern border.
I've been all over America looking at this.
Not just looking, but telling people like here, you know, don't let this happen.
You know what I mean?
Don't let the drugs on your streets.
Don't let this stuff on your streets.
I mean, that's a huge fight back right there.
If you're high and you're on drug, if you're on drugs and you're,
you know, drunk and you're watching porn all the time,
you're just useless.
I mean, you're, you know what I mean?
You're, not only that,
you're part of the problem.
You're in the way, right? You're in the way.
You're absorbing supplies and stuff
and you're probably voting for Trump or Biden or Obama
and you're probably whichever one pops up is your hero, you know? Okay.
My hero.
Whoever.
Who's your next hero? Next hero.
All right.
It can't be this guy again.
this time.
we're tired of yellow, hero.
Let's go for this one.
That's That's it.
You know what I mean?
Did you want that one or this one?
They always hit you with the red pill, blue pill.
Did you want Biden?
Did you want Biden or did you want Trump?
You know, I'm like, come on.
And so they're gonna, so I'm going to put all my money in Trump.
You know,
you can't make up this stuff.

These things are becoming useful.
Actually, I'm gonna start using these things.

---

Well, well, you know, I have come to the the the conclusion that uh
voting doesn't matter anymore
and and actually I don't plan on voting anymore
because I think it's a absolute fool's errand.

maybe if it's like your your HOA or maybe you're in a small town,
maybe some, you know, small town mayor. Okay.
But governor, at least here in the States,
governor, president, no, it's all it's all controlled.
It's all controlled.
And what blows my mind, Michael,
is to encounter people further down the fairway than myself
and age, etc.,
and they still buy into this shit
I just I it just blows my mind.
Just like the five the Trump 5D chess stuff.
Like, I'm just like I just don't get it.

---

Yeah.
You know, there when I was young,
I thought, you know, as people get older, they will tend to get wiser.
And some people do clearly
especially those who study all their lives
and you're always trying to learn.
But there are some people that are basically
don't have much more education than they had when they were like 12.
They got more experiences but they don't actually evolve.
Some people evolve and over time
they're not even the same person that they were 20 years ago
or 30 years ago or 40 years ago
because they actually are evolving with this new knowledge and these new experiences.
They're actually like a different person.
I mean, they still have those memories and experiences of themselves as a younger man or woman,
but they evolve
and they may actually at some point be what you would call a wise person.

Uh, you know, that people that can kind of see subtle things
and that are of use and can convey those
because if you can't teach, you're useless.
You know what I mean?
At the end of the day, you got to be a good teacher.
It's very important to be a good teacher.
It's extremely important to be a good teacher.

And to be a good teacher, you have to be a really serious student,
which means studying all the time.
And uh and and and and when you make mistakes, just correct.
Don't beat yourself up for it.
Because if you don't make mistakes, you ain't trying.
You know what I mean?

You know, the best climbers, the best I used to rock climb a lot.
The best rock climbers are
basically the ones that fall all the time.
You know, what are the basketball,
you know, you've always heard the basketball thing.
You know, the big basketball champions are the ones that missed all the time until they didn't miss all the time, right?
They just kept playing and playing and playing and oh, missed again.
You know, before you know it, like, hey, I'm getting better at this thing.
Before you know it, like, hey, you're the you know how to do this better than anybody else.
And so that's what we want to shoot for
so that we can be useful to the rest of our
because we want other people to be great teachers, too.

Like I want everybody around me to be able to teach me what they know that I don't know.
And I and I need to be able to teach them what I know that they don't know
because we have to operate as a team.

And because you know because there's there's no way that one person can absorb all this stuff,
you know what I mean?
Or experience it either.

So we we that's vital is to
study hard and be a good teacher
and constantly teach
because one of the ways that I found
some of the pillars of learning are
one is just doing stuff, you know,
like doing sports or going fishing or whatever,
you know what I mean? Just stuff, you know?
I joined the military
and I learned all kinds of things do by doing stuff
you know
and I've read a lot of books
so studying especially I love old books uh studying
and reading books and going places physically going is important actually
and and then uh and then eventually you start teaching right
and and learn how to actually read a book
because there's one thing to just read pages
but there's another thing to read books like

Catherine Austin Fitts gave me a stack of stuff to read
and she's is like, "You can speed read."
And I'm like, "Actually, no, I can't."
Uh, I never speedread.
I I can't speed read.
I've never learned how to do it because I don't read.
Actually, I study.
And reading is just what I need to be able to study.
You know what I mean?
I've never learned how to read fast because since I was a child, I always was reading things like physics and philosophy and that sort of stuff.
And when you're reading that, it's not This isn't potato chips that you're eating.
I'm reading stuff that I may have to read a paragraph five times to understand what that scientist was saying and I'm taking notes and I'm like
looking other stuff and it might take me a whole day to read one page.
I mean literally because I'm trying to what is he saying?

Okay, I got to look this up and that's why I have this library man.
You should see my library.
This is a tiny part of it.
It's took years to assemble this thing so that I can go and go, "Oh, wait.
Here, let me see.
There's what the Cherokee were doing over there."
You know, and uh you know, and so the um so
so it's a methodical process,
but at the end of the day, then
once you feel comfortable with what you know,
now you're going to put it to the test when you start teaching people.
And then they're going to show you what you don't know.

So, and remember when you were a kid, the teachers are always like
when you really start to when you're
you're you're really going to start to know the subject
when you start to teach it
because everybody's going to find the holes in your knowledge for you
because you know
and and so over time then
they find the holes and you study and you fill in those blanks
and you become you know then you can become a good teacher.
and so that's very important.

So everybody everybody needs to be a good teacher
whether you're teaching how to you know uh you know
use leather
or canning food
or whatever you know
what I mean just whatever it is because there's all these different skills
that we all need to share with each other
and combine those and that's vital in the days ahead right
it's vital the ability to teach patiently uh because because keep in mind if you get frustrated every time you're like how does this guy not
see this.
Well, I can only imagine how many times people thought,
"How can that fool not see that Israel is not his friend?"
You know, for years I was like,
"Hey, they're our greatest ally."
And at some point I'm like, "What? I was brainwashed."
You know what I mean?

And there to the only cult you'll never see is the cult you're in.

I learned that, right?
Once you know that fundamental thing,
once you realize that you you you really have to step back from yourself,
it's really good to go for long walks, right?

And just no earphones.
You can't wear this crap.
You can't listen to music.
No alcohol, none of that crap, right? No music.
You just walk and be quiet with the birds.
Not in the city because you can't walk like that.
You got to dodge cars and stuff and watch out that guy's got a knife or something.

You know, it's better to walk out in the forest or sit by a stream
or something
and just think because every everybody watching this is actually smarter than they think they are
because you've got all this knowledge in your head.
It's like a bunch of boxes that you've stored in your head
and now you got to assemble these things, right?
Because you you you you know a lot of stuff that you haven't assembled yet.
So, you have to just go for long walks or be quiet, get good sleep, get in the sunshine,
and think about these things.
And and then sometimes you're just like,
"How come I never saw that before?
I always had all that knowledge in my head and I never put these things together."
That's why I love just going for walks
because then you start putting things together
and again go for these walks teaching walks
basically learning it's study you don't read
you don't take a book with you you don't take this stuff of course
and uh and and then you when you start to teach then you're going to really reach the
next level because people are going to find the holes you fill them in
and then you know then you become quite useful to the community.

---

Well, speaking of uh you know, book books and uh you know, you're speaking of uh you know, literature and things of that nature, you know, I can't help but
think about how much is subscription based, right?
Wherein uh they can easily turn turn stuff off, you
know, like look, I I'll tell you, I um you know, do doing this show, you know,
I use an editing software
and the one I was using for some reason
could not verify that I had a pro subscription.
Well, what what did that mean?
despite my internet being perfect,
that meant that I could not edit the videos that I put out,
you know, I try and put out on a in a timely manner.
And it just dawned on me
how important it is to just have as much custody or control of
something as you can because it's amazing how everything is, the music,
the shows, I mean, people's goods, services,
every everything is subscription based or it's in the cloud.
And this just like these events that are appear to be metastasizing,
it could very well uh be an excuse to do some
type of reset, right?
One currency, one gender, one this, one that all all under one roof,
right?

---

And and and we are under one book that people might want to read, actually study is
Rape of the Mind by Joost Merlo.
And you'll see you're constantly under these attacks.
But once you realize how a lot of the brainwashing works,
it becomes harder to brainwash you.
Doesn't mean you're doesn't mean you're invincible,
but you're going to become more and more resilient against it, right?
So to know the techniques that are being used against you.
but again, it's like martial art.
Just because you know doesn't mean they can't still get you in the headlock.
But once you know
you you can start to go, "Oh, no, no, no, no.
I know how this goes.
I know what he's doing."
And then you can start to avoid it.
It's like a uh so studying I would everybody should read the book
Rape of the Mind.
It's a 1956 book by Joost Merlo, right?
He's a Dutch uh psychologist and he really goes into detail about things like intoxicants and
all kinds of different things and how they're used to disarm people.
You know, that's basically the way we killed the Indians
was mostly just firewater and that was it.
I mean, of course, we killed their buffalo and those sorts of things
and did all kinds of other stuff, but it was mostly firewater,
you know, and that's what today you see the drugs Trump trying to push drug cannabis out, right?
And you that's Soros policy is open borders and cannabis
because they know
cannabis takes you out of your out of your executive function, right?
You you your executive function's gone.
Now they can 
That's why Joe Rogan, you know, people watch Joe Rogan and go,
"Wow, Joe Rogan's great.
Joe Rogan's at
Joe Rogan is smoking dope in front of you
and in front of millions of children.
That ain't an accident that he and Elon Musk were doing this.
That's not an accident.
That was an attack.
That was a direct attack right on your executive function.
That was a brainwashing full force tank battle, right?
And you have to go.

That's why all these opportunities that people are like,
I can introduce you to Joe Rogan and all this stuff.
And I'm like, I'm I was on Alice Jones show one time.
He's like, "I've known Joe Rogan for 26 years.
He's a good friend and I had dinner with him all the time or whatever."
And he's like, you know, he can put a They were trying to get me in that ecosystem, right?
And I said right there live, I'm like, I'm not going on Joe Rogan's show.
He's a dope head.
You know what I mean?
I'm not going to He's smoking dope in front of millions of kids.
You got to have a line.
You got to have some line that you There's a lot of things you can negotiate on.
Find some gray area, but there's some things like not that one.
You know what I mean? You have to have some line that that's it, man.
That's over the line right there.

You know, like Epstein Island and bringing out those little girls out there and all that stuff.
That's over the line.
Nobody should be forgiven for that.

Trump should not be forgiven for the death jab.
That's it.
That's over the line.

But the thing is is the MAGA people that are like, well, you
know, Fouchy fooled him.
Here's the bottom line.
The people that can fool you, like Trump, who's a professional con man,
he looks at people like that in full contempt.
You're not even worthy of his time.

If you would fall for that, he hates you.
You're like getting in the way.
But oh, send him in the money though, right?
That's the way those guys are.
He's a narcissistic.
He's pathological, right?
I mean, he's total narcissist
and he's totally
doesn't care about anything but himself, right?
That's it.
and he
not just him,
Netanyahu, similar.
There's many of these people like this, right?
They they select for people like that because they're easy to control.
They're easy.
They have certain mechanisms, right?
Money, coercion, and ego.
They don't have any ideology, right?

You know, the four cheeses are money, ideology, coercion, and ego.
Mice, right? Mice.
We talked about that before.
And so, somebody like Trump is money and ego.
And I'm sure they have a library of coercion as well.
Uh but in reality, he can be controlled through money and ego, right?
And if he gets out of line, throw some of those videos out there
and watch him go to prison or whatever, right?
if that would even happen.
I mean, his people would probably protect him,
you know? I mean, some of them would anyway.

I wonder what percentage of people still support Trump.
I wonder what percentage that is.

---

you know, I wonder to myself.
I mean, it's certainly waning.
You know, I've noticed there there's actually a guy that I that I have on on Facebook.
He he was very vocal Trump,
you know, very pro Republican and he posted something
and usually I try and keep a low profile on on Facebook.
Just I just I'm just watching and observing,
but he posted something that that really told me there's a shift going on.
Michael,
he he said I'm blanking out here,
but he basically said something along the lines of that
he doesn't intend on voting anymore,
more or less, or something like that that he's become disillusioned uh between the parties.
And I thought,
"Yep, something's going on."
And I'll tell you I'll tell you something else, though.
The younger generation, um, I'm I'm a millennial,
but even the Gen Z are very in tune with what's going on
because they have not metriculated so much watching major television, Fox, MSNBC, CNN, whatever.
They're on X, they're on social media, they're on this or that.
And they have a totally different zeitgeist perspective as it relates to the power structure.

---

Yeah.
And that's obviously incredibly dangerous for the Zionists
and Israel as well.
because they don't buy into the magical el thing, right?
The new guys are like

---

I love that term.
I love that term.

---

Yeah.
Actually, that came from a friend of mine who happens to be Orthodox Jew.
He started, he's like, "The Christian Zionist, you know,
they're the huge problem because they're the ones that worship the magical elves
and the worst thing you can do is you just worship them like that.
That does them that does severe damage to those people, right?"

And he, you know, because he's he's orthod he's a hardcore Orthodox Jew.
We communicate every day, you know, and for years, you know, I mean,
we work we've been fighting China together for years.
and uh and
but the uh I mean
we we could tell you some stories on China but but when it comes to uh you know
after he pointed out some of these things
I started paying attention over time and
I'm like yeah you're right it's actually the the the the over-the-top
no holds barred worship
but they worship them but also want to just gather them up in Israel
so they give them the chance to convert or die
right you know
what I mean it's you know so you've got these different people that are all ready to just go to war
and uh and drag us along with it.
You got people that are like,
"We should go to war to
let's actually talk about the number of people that were killed in these protests allegedly in uh in um in over in Iran.
Now, how many people what are they saying? 32,000 or something, right?
32,000."
So, okay, objectively, how do we know that?
Who told us that?
MSM, Trump, Netanyahu.
All right.
Do we trust those guys? Obviously not, right?

So in other words,
we don't have any objective source of information about the numbers.
We just don't, right? But yet, and suddenly that becomes the argument,
well, it's they killed tens of thousands of pro.
How do you know they even killed one, right? You know what I mean? We don't know.

There's still people that think October 7th was actually organic Hamas.
You know what I mean?
You can't make up this stuff.
They actually still believe that, right?
And um they'll just, you know,
write off the USS Liberty and all this other stuff.

But the but the um but Trump also used to say
that 38,000 Americans died building the Panama Canal,
but it's complete nonsense.
It's like roughly 350.
I've got the original reports to Congress right here.
You know what I mean?
I got them right here.
I mean, I got a huge amount on the Panama Canal.
actually, you know what these are?
These are the executive orders for the Panama Canal.
This is a
I got all that stuff, man.
I got a whole library on Panama Canal from the original records.
So, I just looked it up.
I'm like, "So, Trump says 38."
I think first he said 35 and he changed it to 38.
He kept saying it just over and over and over, right?
And uh it was a complete lie.
It was like 300 and something.
Why did he have to lie? Panama Canal is important to us,
but he just perpetually lies.
Look at this.
This is the executive orders relating to the Ismian Canal Commission,
March 4th, 1904 to June 12th, 1911.
These are the actual
This is I got a whole library on this stuff.
So, you know, when he says stuff
when he says stuff,
I'm not looking it up online.
I'm not looking on Wikipedia.
You know, if somebody sends me another Wikipedia link, I tell you what,
I wish I had a B-52 loaded with anti-Wikipedia Spongebobs or something.
You know what I mean?
I wouldn't want to actually bomb them, but I would really I would
I would like drop water balloons on them or something, right?

But I mean,
you know, it's like I mean I look it up in the original stuff.
That's why I got this giant library that took me years to to to make.
It's mostly really old books, right?
They tell me something,
you know, here's the definition of such and such.
And I'm like, well, let me look it up.
Actually, they rewrote the definition, didn't they?
Because here's all my old dictionary section, right?
You know what I mean? If you're going to read old books, you need old dictionaries, you know?

---

I was just going to add and you mentioned about you know Wikipedia and
I'm I'm just finding more and more as I go down this rabbit hole
Michael
in that so much of of everything
the fabric of our society
people's perception of of uh you know power and your vote
to uh to to the medical industry
to the um education industry
I mean energy
I mean so much has been offiscated intentionally
and people are basically slaves
and you made another point I don't want to deviate too from your your your your train of thought,
but you mentioned how they view us, how the cabal views us,
and they certainly view us as cattle.

They don't look at it's like over I think over in
England, the blue blue buds, blue bloods,
and I think it's the was it the red bloods or warm warm bloods.
I'm probably botching it, right?
You don't mix the classes.
There's certain casts
and again from my mental model, that is how they see it.
The cabal, the transnationalists,

---

right?
I mean, they see themselves as above and beyond everything.
I mean, they're the ultimate uh, you know, racist, super racist.
And that's why they're immediately,
they always go to racist, racist, racist,
because they're projecting, right?

Professional victims, too.
Professional victims are always predators,
whether that's on a first, let's individual level
or a family level or a cultural or religious level.
You got to be careful for professional victims.
They're going to stab you, right?
They're they're going to get you

and we you know we they are you know
constantly as soon as you say
something that hey Israel shouldn't have done that.
Oh you're an anti-ite and I'm like okay there you go
that guy you got to keep an eye on them because that's a predator right there.
Right.
And they're using that they're oh I'm a victim.
I'm a victim.
Those people that are doing the victim thing they will
there is nothing they won't do.
That's the type of people that'll do a genocide.
Gaza that's the type of people that'll do a genocide.
Absolutely 100%.
There is no lie too big.

And so you got to be careful when they just automatically throw out a lie.
I mean, they immediately throw a lie.
Oh, I didn't like what you said, anti-semite.
Boom.
That was a lie.
That was a lie.
And it was an accusation.
It was an It was a defamation.
It was a blood libel.
I love to say it's a blood liel.
They're like,
"No, a blood liel is against us."
I'm like, "Actually, it was against me."
That was a blood liel, right? You're doing a blood liel.
It has a a uh it could have a dire consequence to just name call somebody an anti-semite, right?
And you know that you're a predator, right?

And you just come right back at them.
Don't give him any room to breathe, man.
You know, look on the top of my ex.

This guy the other day, like
two weeks ago, he threatened, he's a Zionist uh pig basically.
He said that he's going to be bathing on the beach at Trump Hotel in Gaza.
That's what he said. I published it, right? It's on the top.
He told me because I disagreed with him on these things.
He told me he was going to tell his friend at the Department of Homeland Security
and they were going to look into me.

I mean that that guy said that
his name is Rosenberg.
He's on the top of my X right now.
I published his message.
He literally said he's going to tell his friend at Department of Homeland Security and investigate me.
Right.
I mean, that's straight up has a disagreement and saying
he's going to call the secret police on you is what he's actually saying, right?
That's a big deal.
That's a big deal.
That's not a minor thing.
It's probably a felony.
I don't know if it's a felony, but if he actually did it
and they actually opened an investigation
and we find out about it, it's going to be interesting.
You know, it's the kind of stuff that movies are made out of, right?
You know what I mean?
Or at least little documentaries, right?

And so I mean, you know, with Freedom of Information Act
and all these sorts of things, right?
I mean, the at the end of the day, that's the kind of savages that we're talking about, right?
He's actually making fun of doing genocide,
saying he's going to be getting a suntan on the beach in Gaza at the Trump Hotel, right?
I mean, these are the people
that and he immediately said when I disagreed, he said,
"I might as well be doing a Hitler."
He actually said that because they always go to Hitler because that's what they are.
Keep in mind Zionist which he's openly Zionist.
He says he he's very proud of it.
He repeated it multiple times.
The Zionists were working that close with Hitler.
They worked very close with Hitler.

The first people that the first man that Zionists seem to have assassinated was a Dutch Jew in the 1800s.
What was his name?
They assassinated him.
He was a Dutch Jew.
Jews and Zionists have been killing each other since day one.
Right.
And the Zionists and Hitler worked very close.
I mean, it's they they were because the Zionists
wanted to kill a bunch of Jews in Europe and cause pilgrims to happen.
So to cause the Jews to move down to Israel,
that's what they wanted to do.

They were they didn't even hide it.
They didn't even hide it.
It was right out there in front of God and everybody.

That's the kind of savages they are.
That's why Jews hate them so much.
Many Jews, other Jews are actually Zionist leaders.
So it's, you know, it's mixed like all things in life are.
But at the end of the day, this guy actually threatened to call the secret police on me,
the Department of Homeland Security.

---

Well, you know, I'd also thought I'd mention that I I I've had a gentleman
named Makia Freeman
who whose book was actually banned on not only on Amazon,
but on other a lot of other platforms.
His book is called
The Cult of the Chosen Ones.

And he talks about that there.
He talks about the Zionism.
He talks about, you know, the creation of it.
Um, there's even speculation that Hitler was a Rothschild bastard.

there there there's one side
I am familiar with the Zionist working with
Hitler and trying to kill other Jews to to to you know stir the pot.
Uh and then also the uh uh you know Jacob Frank
Sabotian element that weaves through
that is very fascinating and there is certainly
it converges is what I'm getting at.

That's a fascinating history
and a very fascinating rabbit hole to go down.

---

Yeah, we're talking hardcore savages
that will just wipe out the children in Gaza and laugh.
I mean, I've got it in his messages, right?
I mean, he was he was threatening me in writing.
They're not always that smart, actually.

Actually, you know, when the wolf pack gets all yappy yappity and they all come to bite you,
they make a lot of mistakes in their words,
you know, and and and um and people should not hesitate to publish all that stuff when they do these things, right?
Don't give them a break.
The reason that they fill up the space and become uh so powerful
is a lot because civilized people don't want to confront them all the time.
So they take advantage of that, right?
I'm a professional victim.
They always throw the Hitler thing, the Holocaust thing, right?
It's like you always expect,
okay, here comes three more minutes
he's going to say his uncle was killed in the Holocaust.
You know what I'm saying? As if no as if nobody else suffered in World War II.
As if, you know what I mean?
As if nobody else has ever had family in a war.
They're going to hit you with,
"Well, my uncle was in the Holocaust and all this stuff."
I'm like, "Okay, whatever.
I had all these uncles and other friends in wars and you know,
we all have had that.
It doesn't make you special.
It doesn't make you special.
And you're genociding in a Holocaust Gaza, right?

And now destroying Iran that didn't do crap, right?
They didn't do anything to Israel.
You know, what did what did is what did what did Iran actually objectively really do to Israel?
Israel has been trying to pick a war with Iran for 30 years minimum.
Minimum.
It's unbelievable how many meetings I've been into about this crap
when I was a war correspondent, right? It was unbelievable.
All they wanted to do is fight Iran.
Fight Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran's the, you know, the the ultimate terrorist and all this stuff.
And finally, at some point, I'm like, I'm not seeing that.

What I am seeing is these Israelis do a lot of terrorism.
And it's obvious like they don't hesitate.
They jump up and down and scream and holler and clap their hands.
Not all of them, obviously.
A lot of the Israelis are against this,
but a lot of them, you know, they're they're like totally down for genocide in Gaza.
A lot of Americans are, too.
Shame on you.
I mean, if you're all up for genocide in Gaza,
ain't nobody going to cry for you because you took the death jab.
because they're death jabbing.
They're they're killing you, too.

The same people that are genociding Gaza
are the same people who invented and deployed that death jab
and have killed people all over the place, right?
Including probably most of the people watching this probably know somebody.
There's probably would be more people watching this except they're dead, right?
And you know, the people that would still be cheering about what's happening in Gaza or Iran
and you took the death jab.
Guess what? You are Gaza.
You are Iran.
You are the Holocaust victim.
You are the one that they want in the oven.

Right? That's it.
That's what they're doing.
It's obvious.
People have to stand up.
You know, stand your ground.
Their power, man behind the curtain power doesn't work
when enough people just stand up and say,
"That's it. I'm not going along.
That's it. I'm not going along."
You can scream and holler all you want.
I'm not going along.



# 1:32:00
# Christian White:

>> You know, I'm glad you brought that up
because I I had a guest on my show. Her
name is Max Lohen
and she's a survivor of satanic ritual abuse
and MK Ultra
at the Vatican
and she mentioned about
how these people
would not be able to I mean the
celebrities the financers
uh known and unknown bloodline families
etc. these people the only reason why
they're able to operate
is because the average Joe allows them to operate.

And she mentioned about how Maria Abramovich,
you know, of course the witch is
said, I guess
vocalized on a podcast that she is
alarmed that uh you know, she has to
have security around all the time
because because



# 1:32:50
# Michael Yon:

>> literally a witch, right?



# 1:32:52
# Christian White:

>> Oh, the shit I've seen...
Oh, you know what?
You got to check out this podcast if if you haven't.
I've followed her for some time.
The Imagination Podcast.
She literally

>> Let me let me write this down.

>> Yeah,
it's called the Imagination Podcast.
She exclusively focuses on satanic ritual abuse,
MK Ultra,
and the groups that I mentioned earlier.
I'm really into this shit.

It's the same groups I keep hearing about over and over again.
Jesuits, and Sabbatean Frankists, element there
that is a recurring theme
about
I mean
immense power like immense power
and families that people have never even heard of
that are run running the show
and not not just the Rothschilds
because I hear it a million times
no doubt they're they're a player in in there for
sure but

>> and then the Rockefeller

>> it's a it's a very deep and very dark
rabbit hole like ex like so dark I've actually been told
hey don't go
so I just kind of brushed the surface
But



# 1:33:50
# Michael Yon:

>> yeah, the the more and more people that
stand up against them, it's becoming
more and more difficult because that's
what they're concerned about because the
critical mass, they're losing they're
losing the critical they're losing the
initiative. They're going more on
defense. That's why they're panicking
now with Iran. They realize like Trump,
you know, the gigs up uh you know, on on
Trump and those sorts of trash.

And when people around him just stop going along
and not just him
because remember
Trump is just a conman.
He'll come and go

but it's the architecture that people need to resist,
right? And that can be actively
resistant or passively, right? Uh just,
you know, and so when you when you
realize people are doing these things,
don't help them.
Don't go along with it.
Don't go along to get along.
You know, in some things
it's good to go along to get along in some things,
but on other things like, hey, pushing dope to children, you know,
that like Joe Rogan, who do you think he's working for?
You know what I mean?

The people that are trying to destroy America and enslave them.
Who is that? There's
multiple groups that would like to do
it, right? There's the Zionist would
love to do it. Uh those are the ones
that are

>> Go ahead.

>> I'm sorry. I was going to say, well,
kudos to you for not selling your soul,
so to speak, because think about how
many people, Michael, would love to get
on the opportunity to go on Joe Rogan,
you know, or all these other people who
trying to in go get into Hollywood, and
they I mean, quite literally sell their
soul. Like, straight up.



# 1:35:13

>> They do. They do. Straight up. They're
not This is the thing. They're not
They're so used to people selling out,
they don't even know what it looks like
sometimes when you don't. It's
confusing. You know how many people are
like, "Don't you understand? You can get
such a big readership."
I'm like, "Do you think I can't do math?"
You know what I mean?
You think I can't do it?
You know what I'm saying?
You know, it's like

I actually get it.
You know what I mean?
And I've made a conscious decision.
I'm not going to sell my soul to the devil
because that's what you're doing.
You're selling your soul to the devil
so you can get on the Joe Rogan show.
There I was on the Joe Rogan show.
You know, it smelled like dope in there.
You know what I mean?
It's like, no, I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to go on the dope head Joe Rogan show.
You know, he's smoking dope in front of millions of young people.

And Elon Musk, too.
How smart is Elon Musk?
Elon Musk is he's supposed to be the smartest, richest guy in the world!
But he couldn't figure out how not to take the jab. Something ain't right.

Catherine Austin Fitts told me
when Masako and I, we, like I said,
we stayed over a month with her.
Catherine Austin Fitts said
something like about Elon Musk.
She said, "He's an op, not a birth [bird?]."
I was like, "Well, that's brilliant. I'm going to use that."
Which I just did again.

And so, um, the I mean, he's an operation, not an actual,
in other words, he didn't come.
He's not that guy.

I mean, you look at him, you're like like on the death jab,
he's like the science is unequivocal.
That's what he put on Twitter, right?
I think it was Twitter back then.
He's like he's like he was recommending people
take the death jab, right?

And then he goes to his Gigafactory in Germany
and he said, he had to take it.
I think he said he took two, right?
He said he had to take it
or he couldn't go visit his Gigafactory.

And again, and I'm like, McFly, again, you know, think about it.

So, you're the richest guy in the world.
You're getting ready to put people on Mars, right?
Supposedly, and you can't figure out
how to get your multi-billion dollar gigafactory
when you got your own little jets and stuff.
You could probably just go buy an F-16 off the lot
and fly on over there if you know how to fly it, you know.

So, but the point is, Msako and I did.
We were all over Europe. We were all over Germany.
We didn't take the jabs,
but Rocket Boy, the smartest guy, the richest guy in the world,
and we're flying commercial, renting cars, going all over Europe.

We never took the jab.
But Rocket Boy couldn't figure out how to get...
Listen, here's how you would handle that.
Let's imagine you're Elon Musk.
You got a multi-billion dollar gigafactory there in Germany,
and you want to go visit your factory,
and Germany says,
"Thou must take the jab to come to your gigafactory."
I'd be like,
"You got to be kidding!
This is going to be fun.
I'm going to be there on Monday morning at about 8:00
if the winds are favorable or otherwise it could be a little bit before or after.
I'm going to be there
and I'm going to walk down the steps of my little airplane
and if you detain me,
that factory will be closed.
It'll be like that, right?
It'll be closed.
And if I get back on that airplane and go back to Texas
and and I don't get to see my factory,
that factory will be closed until I decide to open it."

It'll be like that, right?
You want to play?
All those workers can go home and you can deal with them,
right?
That's the way you would do this.

But that's not what he did because he's one of them.
He's a he's he's a he's a he's he pushed the jab.
He did he even take it?
I don't know.
But if he did take it,
he's incredibly stupid.
If he took it...
if he took it,
he must know by now that he's not in the club.

Look at Scott Adams.
As arrogant as he was,
Scott Adams pushing the jab.
Always pushing the jab.
Now, people are saying,
"Scott Adams never pushed the jab.
You don't know what you're talking about."
Okay, sh... look up.
He did push the jab hard, right?
Scott Adams pushing it.
He was insulting people who didn't take it, right?
He was coercing them to take it.
Then he took it and then he died.
He's dead, right?
And he was then begging for Trump
because Scott Adams is driven by ego.
He blocked me, actually.
you can see he's driven by ego and money.
He blocked me on Twitter, you know,
because I was like,
"Yeah, you you you're forcing people to take the jab,
you know what I mean?
You you smoke dope." He's a dope smoker, right?
He's dead now.
He died months ago,
I guess, maybe a couple months,

but you know, he am I supposed to feel sorry for him?
This is combat, dude.
You told people to walk through the minefield.
You told young people to walk through the minefield and take the jab and smoke dope.
You think I'm going to cry?
Go get it from God, right?
No. This is war. This is actual war.
You're actually encouraging young people to smoke dope and take the jab
and then you get sick and die
and people are like,
"Hey, you're pretty cold-hearted." You ain't seen nothing yet.
This is actual war, right?
He's encouraging my family and friends
in my country and people around the world
to take the death jab
from his position of...
"Hey, I'm in contact with everybody."
You know what I mean?
He's Mr. blue check mark guy, right?
He's a big ego guy.

He had to have his he had his,
you know,
pretty wife that,
you know,
left him and all that.
The moment I saw those two together,
I'm like,
she's leaving him.
That fool doesn't have any idea what he did.
You know what I mean?

I was in the army.
I know what happens when a dweeb like him gets a girl like that.
It never turns out well,
right?
And it didn't.
She left him,
of course.
And uh at the end of the day,
uh the um you know,

I mean, does he not see through that? Right?
He he didn't see through it.
He didn't see through the jab.
he would lose his he would lose his mind
and like you know uh when he's on dope
he would you know get high and threaten to throw his printer out the window
or something right
and um and the uh you know one time he's like threatening
to throw his printer out the window as I recall
because I watched some of his stuff
because people kept sending me links Scott Adams you know
and the same with that guy u you know u that were he the end of the world
is just beginning or something Peter Zan I read that book I read it when I was in Mexico
watching people invade across the Rio Grand.

Actually, I was on the Mexican side and uh you know,
I read that book because so many people kept asking me.
He's another jab pusher,
right?
And you know,
the guy's wheezing and coughing,
still pushing the jab,
Peter.
There's a video of it.
I I saved the video.
It's unbelievable.
But I mean,
these guys are driven by ego and money clearly, right?

So, they're easy to manipulate.
And and and at the same time,
now when when Scott Adams was dying,
you he was still reaching out to Elon Musk.
He was reaching out to Trump.
Hey, they're going to let him take some experimental thing or whatever.
You know what I mean?
I just like you just all the way to the grave still...
You know what I mean?
You got to be careful from these people
because they will drive you to the grave with them.



# 1:41:45
# Christian White:

>> Well,
I think the big mistake right there is if I had cancer,
I would certainly not go into the hospital
and do chemo
and go into that medical industrial complex
that exists because that'll kill you.
That's for sure.

And what I'm realizing, Michael,
is all these people,
all these figureheads,
if you want to make it really,
really big in this world.
You know,
when I first started doing the show,
I would see people where they would
literally have like just wrinkled ass t-shirt.
They, you know, you look at them,
they look like they just got out of bed
and they have this huge following, huge reach.

And I thought, my god,
I'm gonna, if this SOB [son of a bitch] is doing it,
my gosh, I could do it, too.

He could fog a mirror.
You know, you you got a pulse.
And then I realized, okay, well, wait a minute here.
If I talk about the stuff I talk about,
I'm going against the the Leviathan. Good luck!

And then I've realized that so many of these people that people follow in alternative media
all the right...
because everyone shifted from,
you know,
mainstream or at least the younger generations
now they're looking al alternative media.

Well, there is a reason why I've realized a lot of these people have a million subscribers,
five million,
10 million and and uh and then all these Hollywood celebrities.
And I think the biggest freaking lie people tell people tell their kids and tell people is
little Johnny if you work really hard in your garage
you can you can do what Bill Gates did
or you can do what some of these you know
there's never any mentioning of Inkel
there's never any mentioning of CIA or Alphabet agencies being involved
in helping to create these
or Amazon didn't make any money for seven years or whatever
like this total lie and and you know
this person's the richest man in the world I think I don't know who it was it was Chris Rock was saying something to uh Jeff Bezos that you know you're such like you're the richest man in the world.
And I'm thinking in my head like Jeff Bezos is definitely not the richest man in the world.
The richest people in the world people don't even know about or they're very old old families and everything is just an inversion.
It is it is uh it's fake.

# 1:43:45
# Michael Yon:

>> Exactly.
Elon Musk is clearly an actor.
Trump is clearly an actor.
Trump is clearly nothing but an actor.
He's a clown.
He's a Trump is I would say above average intelligence but not much actually.
Uh I mean he's got above average experience.
He's got tremendous experience because he's been in these circles with these people
but he's no sort of genius.
He's just a con man.
That's all he is.
And and Elon Musk,
he's he's just not that guy.
He's not super ultra brilliant.
He's not.

So, a guy that can't figure out how to get to Germany without taking the jab
wants us to put chips in our head that he makes
and he's high
and he's talk and he brags about his ketamine issues,
you know, ketamine,
you know, and you look up ketamine,
you're like, "Wow."
And and he's
Elon Musk talks about his ketamine thing publicly.
I mean it's I mean he's like at one point he said something like
my stockholders or my investors should hope that I stay on my ketamine prescription.
You can find it online what he said actually what Elon Musk said.

I mean it's just a total...
they're just like
hey everybody should do drugs.
You know what I mean?
I had a military officer or former military officer messaged me yesterday.
I'm going to have to respond to him
but he was talking about he let me tell you what this drug is.
Let me ask you if you've ever heard of it before actually.
I had to...
Yeah.
And and he's, you know,
he's telling me how great this this drug is.
let me see, what's it called.
It's And so I looked up this drug.
First of all, if it's called drug,
guess what my chances are of taking it?
Zero.
Yep.

# 1:45:28

>> Right.

>> Oh man.

>> It Yeah.
Here it is.
so the name of it is called um,
Ibogaine and he's saying,
"I recently had an experience with Ibogaine.
My god, I had no idea anything could be so spectacular."

I'm working on telling my story of the experience itself
and what it led up to and...
how familiar are you with this stuff?

I've never heard of it.
I had to look it up.

# 1:45:50
# Christian White:

>> I am actually I actually have a friend of mine.
He's a former Top Gun fighter pilot.
Uh,
he took Ibogaine.
And if you want to connect with him,
by the way,
let let me I I'll connect you to him.
Uh he's actually a really good guy for he'd be a good good contact.
Uh he took he said it changed his life.
He said he told me he went from very uh straight lace,
very tight,
just just stringent to taking that
and it just completely now he's very mellow.
Now he leads surfing retreats for veterans.
just a great human being and he took Ibogaine.

>> Chances of me taking something like that is zero.
Zero.
I looked it up as something about hallucinogenetic psychotropic
or something and it's like no way,
man.
No way.
The toughest drug I'm taking is coffee,
right?
No.
No chance.
No chance on earth.
Don't need that crap.

# 1:46:40
# Christian White:

>> I wish coffee still work for me,
you know?
I'm still I still have to get out out of the a tolerance that I built up.
I haven't had coffee in months because it stopped working for I was having four cups a day at one point,

# 1:46:55

>> man.
But I mean that that's that's it.
I mean I wouldn't I there's no no chance.
I mean why do I need that crap?
You just got sunshine.
Go for walks.
You know what I mean?
It's like... go sleep.
The best thing you can do is get good sleep.
Get good sleep.
Walk.
Get exercise.
Don't listen to crap music.
If you're going to listen to music,
it needs to be like, you know, old old music.
All this modern stuff seems to be poisoned, actually.

# 1:47:20
# Christian White:

>> Well,
you know,
it's amazing.
You know,
I uh uh I was listening to how the record producers uh put things into the music that's supposed to be,
you know,
obviously very detrimental.
And I can't help but think about frequencies,
right?
What do they say?
Everything is we're all uh uh uh you know,
frequency,
vibration,
etc.
And so,
yeah,
the the music,
the hertz...

>> Yeah.
442 versus what was the other?
Yeah.
And
Masako and I
we go to museums all over the world and we've been so many museums in so many countries
and there's some museum we we've started to notice some of the museums they have some kind of acoustic thing going on
and we saw it in the Reichkes Museum in um Amsterdam recently we saw it in a museum in Oslo
and we saw it in a museum in Copenhagen
and it's got some frequency going on
and we couldn't record it actually on our phone.
I'm gonna take an 
I'm gonna find one of the
Actually, I could just I could just hire one in Amsterdam
and ask him to go into this one part of the museum at the Reichkes Museum and record that
and just send me the waveforms and all that
because I couldn't it there's something about it.
It's really it's it's it's deep.
It's and it makes you feel uneasy, right?
And then we found the same thing like I said in a museum
in Stockholm one in Stockholm and then another one in Oslo.
Right.
So it was and then another one actually in Copenhagen.
Right.
So I mean these different museums are clearly using similar sounds.
It's it it's something something's wrong with it.
You can feel it.
You can actually feel it in your body.
But they're showing you visuals.

I was in this...
about two weeks ago.
I was at the National Library over there in Copenhagen,
right in Denmark,
which is, you know, Danish straight stuff.
And there's this right across the street from that like uh is a uh is a cafe.
They must have a 100,000 books in that cafe.
At least many many tens of thousands of books.
It's massive, right?
It's ab absolutely massive.

And downstairs, so for those who are in Copenhagen, you know where I'm at.
this this coffee shop that's got just floors of books, you know,
it's like and they're all for sale.
Many of them are quite old and incredible.

But I went downstairs where the cash register is
and I found there's even a lot more books down here.
And I found all this "art" quote unquote
and it's dismembered babies and stuff
and and I'm like and I'm like,
you think I'm going to buy a book from this place?
I mean, if I see something here I want I'm going to take a photo of it and find it somewhere else.
I mean, it's all this dismembered babies and dismembered women and crap,
you know what I mean?
So, I photographed it and a few days ago,
about five or six days ago, I sent photos to some of my friends.
I said, "What is this crap?" I found it and this where I found it, right?
And one of them said,
"Oh, that looks like from the um from the Beatles Butcher album."
The Butcher album.
So, I looked up the Butcher album,
the Beatles Butcher album.
And you can see it.
The Beatles have got all they're wearing white suits.
They got all these dead babies.
not live, I guess,
but you know,
but their like body parts,
you know,
dismembered babies on their shoulders and stuff.
Look up Beatles Butcher album and you'll see what I mean.
It was disgusting.

And so, I mean,
this was back in the 60s, right?
Look at this.
Look up Butcher album Beatles.

And so, you see this crap all over the place.
There's no art involved in that.
It's meant to do something bad.
It's certainly nothing.



# 1:50:55
# Christian White:

>> Well,
you know what?
Just just seeing this tells me that just like Bob Dylan in the 60 Minutes interview,
this is in my opinion,
this is how these people hit it really big.
I don't think it's talent in this world.
Obviously >> Bob Dylan say >> I'm sorry.

>> What did Bob Dylan say?

>> There was a there was a thing he did I don't know 10 me 15 years ago.
It was on 60 Minutes
where it was some guy who is now deceased.
He actually died not terribly long after the interview.
He was interviewing Bob Dylan
and he asked him
so you know what's the secret to your success
and Dylan told him basically it's you know
I made a deal
and I'm paraphrasing here and then the interviewer is like well can you can you tell me like who
who'd you make a deal with
and he's like you know the the the man here on the big man here on earth or something to that effect like clearly anybody who had a you know an IQ above room temperature could decipher
okay obviously this is like some satanic shit.

So, I mean, I sincerely believe that with a lot of these people,
a lot of these celebrities,
a lot of these big people,
they're they're this on I'll preface,
I was raised in a pretty straight laced family,
so we don't believe in shit that's like out there.
I mean,
my my parents still subscribe to kind of uh traditional political narratives,
leftright paradigms.
I'm over that shit. I just, you know...

>> takes a while to break out of it.

>> Well,
you know,
it was for Well,
you know what was for me,
Michael,
is and pardon some of the audience tuning in who who heard this ad nauseium.
I first I first had a gentleman on Alex Newman.
Maybe you're familiar with him.
And he he he like one of my one of my early episodes,
he mentioned satanic.
And when I first heard that,
I was like and I was I was I was more secular then.
I was like,
that sounds kind of out there.
Like people it's going to look like I'm really religious.
But then guess what?
I I I remember going through that phase.
I'm through it now.
I'm through it.

>> Yeah.

>> Yeah.
And then I kept I kept hearing it being brought up.
Then I had Dave Colum who who who you know and then he did he sat down with me for I don't know three hours and he started and I'm just like okay what the hell is going on here?
Why do I keep hearing this And then I started going down the rabbit hole.
And then when you when you and I'm speaking directly towards people in the audience who are not familiar with this when you look into survivors of of SR satanic ritual abuse and you you start going down the rabbit hole and you start connecting the dots like this is not a new phenomenon.
This has been going on for centuries like >> at a minimum centuries >> a long long time.
And it's you know what as Mark Twain said the truth is strangers in fiction.
And I I like to think I'm a r I'm a I'm a rational thinker.
I like to think and I think critically and I I I could say with a high degree of confidence you have people trafficking uh kids and they are consuming them uh and they are consuming their their blood and um this is the currency in the world of geopolitics.
Only a few years ago that sounded crazy.
Only a few years ago,
but now I think it's obvious that they're up to something serious like that.
It's quite obvious.
The question is how big is it and who's exactly doing it,
but it's clearly like Epstein Island clearly is related to that stuff and Trump is clearly in the middle of that stuff.
It's obvious.
It's obvious.
There's no way that and and and how how can a Christian,
by the way,
support who's anti-abortion support Israel who's like,
you know,
they'll abort babies like they'll kill gazins.
You know what I mean?
They'll they'll abort them in mass.
They'll air strike them practically,
right?
This is this is But no,
but somehow they magically reconcile things with magical mathematics.
Yeah,
but that I I can totally see where they would do this.
That's what the Agoris would do.
They're like corporate Agoris.
you know,
they can do it on a corporate.
The the agorities in India,
they're more,
you know,
live by the river stuff,
live in a cave.
Some of them are actually doctors and things like that,
but they're less,
they're not like,
you know,
the they don't have the ability to like make an Epstein island,
you know what I mean?
They don't have the the organizational abilities and resources and just knowledge to pull together a big structure like that.
But these these other people do,
and there clearly are uh people that would drink children's blood.
I mean,
they just would if they thought it would give them any power or immortality or special feelings,
they would do it.
I mean,
they would take drugs.
There's no question about it.
I mean,
and that would be a drug,
right?
Yeah.
I mean,
there there's uh there there there are videos out there of celebrities literally drinking it.
And uh you can look up a guy Isaac Kappy.
Very very creepy.

>> Very creepy story.
He started name he started he started talking about certain celebrities big celebrities who people would know uh be being involved in this and uh he ended up committing suicide.

>> How do you spell his last name?
How do you spell >> I think it's K A P Y >> and he committed suicide.

>> Yes.
He jumped off a bridge in 2019 and there was a documentary on him and uh so if I if I if I was I don't know mayor or whatever I'd build a bronze statue of this guy because clearly he was bringing something to light and they and and pardon my killed him.

>> Yeah,
they will because they don't remember they don't have any rules at all.
It's not like,
hey,
they're,
you know,
you piss them off enough,
they're just going to whatever.
Or if they think they can get power.
Now,
the agoris,
uh,
the type of people that they will,
uh,
kill and eat and that sort of thing or sacrifice are the people that they think they can get a lot of shakti from.
Shockti,
those who studied Hinduism know what I'm talking about.
It's like the universal feminine power.
And as a as an idea on what is shockti,
just imagine that it's like money.
You can earn it,
you can lose it,
you can steal it,
it can be stolen from you,
you can be born with it.
Uh,
some people are born with more than others.
Basically,
shocki the only thing it can't do that money does I think is I think where that analogy breaks down is you don't get interest on shocki but if you loan it to somebody or something but I mean but but the thing is you can steal it,
it can be stolen,
you can earn it,
you know what I mean?
Uh and so uh that's why they will sacrifice children more because they think children have more shocki they haven't used it right uh they'll sacrifice rich or powerful people white people in particular because they think they have more shocki that's how they get the wealth right and uh more than than a lot of the the the agoris that are tend to be not all Indian but like I met one from Sri Lanka his name was Chun Chun Baba he's dead now but Chun Chun Baba uh he you know we talked about Shockti and those sorts of things I would talk about it with Gary carry the cannibal all the time.
Yeah.
They're like,
"Yeah,
you know,
it's the superpower.
It's the superighway to enlightenment.
It's the super highway to power,
ultimate power.
It was always about power." And he would stress that power,
you know,
and he would go,
you know,
and you see the the way that these people are,
they have no rules.
And at the end of the day,
they end up on Air Force One.
So,
in regard,
in one regard,
in in one level,
they're right.
They they've used this evilness because just lack of rules.
But at the end of the day,
they're going to crumble.
At the end of the day,
they don't trust each other.
At the end of the day,
they'll kill each other because they are like the if you're dancing with the devil,
you are the devil,
right?
It's not like you dance with the devil and you're a good guy.
You know what I mean?
You're dancing with that devil,
you're that guy,
right?
And uh if you take the money,
if you take the money,
if you continue to take the money and that sort of push the drugs on millions of young people and take the money,
you're the devil.
It's not like you're making a mistake.
You know what I mean?
You know what you're doing and you're doing it anyway.
You made a conscious decision.
You're that guy.
Well,
you know,
I'll just say I will I will never forget the time.
This was probably six years ago,
maybe seven years ago.
And uh it was a family friend uh his son died uh from fentanyl.
And I just remember being invited to uh the house.
It it was the father there.
He was going through it and uh he had an estrange relationship with his uh with his kids and and his ex.
And um anyhow uh fast u um circling um going back to a previous point on him,
he he uh he received a call from his ex-wife whom he never hears from and she called him to the house.
Long story short,
you know,
there's police there.
He's was walking up.
He goes,
you know,
sees his son in the uh in the in the bedroom there and uh attempts to uh wake him up and his son is obviously uh you know,
out gone and uh and then to to see him go through that and then looking up caskets and other things on his laptop there,
you know,
no parent should have to go through that.
Uh that was just very alarming.
and uh and then his son who who who I knew growing up uh was I think 22 at the time and that just further added a a huge wedge in in in the family and so um and that is just one of millions of people and um yeah there are a lot of people there are a lot of people on drugs a lot of people need help a lot of young men too if if I might add who are uh who have checked out completely and I'm not just talking about in the in the dating pool um a lot a lot of people are very disenfranchised Um,
uh,
I'm I'm one of them in in some respects.
I know we're going off tangential here from geopolitics,
but I think this this this gives you this is a reminder and a glimpse as to the makeup of Western society,
how people have I mean,
look,
I'm in my I'm in my early 30s.
Yeah,
if this was 1950,
I'd be married.
Okay,
I have a house,
but I probably have a house and like three kids and this or that.
and to have someone who's in his early 30s and you know in this year in this day and age and to see you know thankfully I have people in my cohort who are doing well but I'm also I also have friends I know people who who are not so doing so well and to to see that the erosion of your purchasing power of the dollar uh you know uh you know hearing people having to work multiple jobs uh you know people's daughters having to go going on only fans because they think that that's acceptable to pro to to to showcase themselves.
Uh you know just um I mean that that is that is society in freef fall mode in my opinion.

>> It is and the people who are doing this pornography and doing this music stuff right the people that are pushing the drugs those are our enemies.
I mean bottom line and they should be treated as such right.
They shouldn't be treated with well no it's all everybody's freedom.
It's not about freedom.
It's about And they always sell this as freedom.
They always sell this as liberty.
No,
they're trying to make you a drug act so they can destroy you and take your property,
you know,
and and it's fun for them.
It's a game.
It's a game.
Look,
look,
we got all these idiots stooped over living in under bridges and we're taking all the property,
you know.
They they get they can have a bunch of drug addicts in downtown Portland,
some fine property there,
and then it just makes the property prices just then they can buy it up and get the drug get rid of the drug addicts.
You know,
Msaco and I went there and they were handing out needles in a church parking lot.
It was some organization that was allegedly part of the government and we actually they gave us needles and those little rubber things and ways to burn the whatever drugs,
you know what I mean?
To to emulsify them or whatever you do with them.
And the the but the point is is it's intentional.
These are direct attacks.
And these it's not about freedom.
It's about destroying our way of life.
And like again like you said in 1950s you would have a car or two cars,
one for you and one for your wife.
You'd have several kids running around.
You'd probably be on Mexico and aap poco and vacation right now jumping off that cliff or something.
You know what I mean?
Uh but this is this is the um the path that we have allowed to happen and we have to turn it around.
the fact that you're cognizant of it and I'm cognizant of it and millions of us are cognizant of it now is empowering us to stop it right because now we know but a lot but for generations it was just like hey let's watch the band Kiss or whatever you know what I mean or you know this idiotic bands and you know what I mean and and uh actually I met one of their photographers recently had lunch with him and uh and just like like couple months ago and uh it's just it's just these these bands and whatnot.
It's all part of the uh comprehensive IMAX.
You know,
it's the Truman Show.
We have to opt out of it.
First of all,
stop listening to music unless it's like really old like Bach or something.
Just don't listen to birds and stuff,
you know.
Uh Msako,
she likes to listen to um old music from Okinawa because she's from Okinawa.
It's like really old.
It's nice.
It's very pleasant.
It's very pleasant music.
It's not it's not it's not anything that makes you want to go out and kill a cop or do drugs or something.
You know what I mean?
It's just like uh just old Japanese folk music,
you know?
The old music is fine.
You know,
they they've done so much to alter our acoustic land shape landscape because you know the the look at the handwriting of the old people.
Look at the hand I got Benjamin Franklin's old books right here.
So,
oh,
these three books right here.
I wish I I don't want to pull him out now because I got a >> that that globe.
It'll have a problem if I but you should see his handwriting.
Uh his handwriting is just like beautiful.
A lot of these old people,
their handwriting,
even until recent times,
I look at my handwriting,
I'm like I'm like a monkey with the pen compared to those guys.
Those guys are like a,
you know,
a fine artist.
Just the average person with their handwriting was incredibly beautiful.
just an average person.
I got all these old letters that I have that I bought that deal with different stuff historically.
And I look at their handwriting.
I'm like,
"Look at this.
This is stuff that is artful." And and you look at old tools.
We were just over in Thailand talking with one of our Thai friends I've known for years.
And we were talking about this and we were talking about like old tools like hammers and stuff.
And you know,
even the old tools were artfully made.
The old furniture was just so beautiful.
You touch it and it feels quality.
You know what I mean?
And uh old hammer or something,
you know?
It's just like every pick up an old tool,
get one of those old tools from the 1800s and pick up that thing and then compare one today.
You're like,
"This thing should be in a museum as a piece of art and it's just a hammer." Well,
just like even the the the architecture.
I mean,
you you you you look at architecture from,
you know,
pre the pre pre-1940 or or what have you and and how ornate it looked,
you know,
and and there was character and like to it.
And now it looks like uh it looks like something out of like you're in a a prison,
you know,
the the buildings.
It's just basic,

>> right?
That's why I love to have these books around me.
This is like uh you know,
I got maps and books around me and except for this crap.
I mean,
I have this to I got to get rid of this crap.
Get out of here.
you know,
it's like,
you know what I mean?
But but I I we bought those to show them to people,
but otherwise,
you know what I mean?
Uh to to show what they're doing.
But,
you know,
yeah,
you need to put your hand your hand should be touching wood.
Your hand should be touching stone.
Your hand should be touching,
you know,
uh metal.
It shouldn't be touching plastic.
All look at this crap.
You know what I mean?
And it's everything's plastic,
plastic,
plastic,
you know?
should be touching real like wool.
I love wool.
Wool is the king,
man.
Wool is the mac daddy king.

>> You you are reminding me of all the all the microplastics.
You are reminding me of all the intoxicants that we're exposed to whether that is the um you know the geoengineering,
all the um graphine,
aluminum,
etc.
I mean the food,
you know,
it's crazy.
I was hearing about even the the polyester,
you know,
right?
people,
you know,
polyester,
your your socks,
your underwear,
your your your your t-shirts or what have you,
and just everything you're exposed to the the uh like,
you know,
the uh 5G or soon to be 6G,
you know,
you're getting cooked in all these different frequencies,
and then you have everyone is on freaking drugs,
you know,
pharmaceutical drugs.
I feel like when I go to the gym,
every commercial is a freaking pharmaceutical drug commercial.
And uh you know you know I could go off on a tangent here,
but just it's crazy.
And then people are born into this matrix.
They don't even realize that they're in the matrix.
They go and work for confetti money that that is fake by these private central banks.
They think their vote counts.
They think history is what it is.
I'm saying this is as as a history guy.
And it's all just fake.
Like so much of it is fake.
and and they think that the people who who achieved tremendous levels of success got really lucky and they don't realize it.
No,
they they literally sold their soul.
Like they're they're lit literally uh doing heinous >> Yeah.
Yeah.

>> That that's a reality that no one talks about.

>> It is.
It's hardcore.
Uh but it's not the end of the world because you know what?
It's just not.
We're aware of it and we have agency.
We have our own executive function and uh and we're coming together by just talking about this for so those who are in positions which is all of us everybody to do something or not do something that trips them up right you know what I mean if it trips them up like talk bad about the dopehead Joe Rogan just talk bad about him it diminishes him to talk bad about the drug head talk bad about the this old music I don't want to listen to that crap it's like poison air you're poisoning the air with that crap trap,
right?
It makes it go away,
right?
It doesn't finish it all in one spell,
but spell,
but but it certainly can make it uh we can start to diminish it by just not accepting it,
right?
And uh you know,
and and uh and and and we have the ability to affect our environment.
We have the ability to make things uh not popular and so work in that regard,
right?
I mean brainwashing can be used for positive or negative.
It's negative when when we call it brainwashing when it's negative.
But we can take the same televisions and all that stuff and it could be showing messages that hey it's time to go home with your family.
You know what I mean?
It's time instead of hey let's have a beer.
You know what I mean?
Let's have a beer and you know the fun all the good guys with the pretty girls.
They're drinking this crap.
You know what I mean?
They're drinking this whiskey or whatever.
You know what I mean?
that you could do the same exact things and and same exact television could actually be used for positive.
It could be used to,
hey,
this is how you grow taller corn,
you know what I mean?
In your garden in behind your house because you have one,
don't you?
You know what I mean?
You know,
the peer pressure would be like,
you don't have a garden.
What's wrong with you?
You know what I mean?
Well,
you know what just blows my mind is how many how many people and and this sounds really corny and I'll just preface.
I have not made it in life yet.
So,
I'm not going to pretend like I I've figured out woohoo.
But it but but it's just crazy when I stop and think about how much time is spent people watching whether it's sports,
whether it's entertainment getting consumed,
taking intoxicants.
If they just allocate a little of that time,
they could completely change their life.
I mean I mean completely not to get all woohoo cheesy corny,
but it's really da like it's actually pretty crazy.
Like just even like just even if you did a show and you just did one episode,
it'd probably change your life or you just started reading something.

>> If if you invited like some number of your readers,
however many want to show up and say,
"Look,
I'm going to take a walk." Wait,
where you at?
I don't even know where you're at.

>> Me?
I'm about an hour from Yoseite.

>> Oh,
Yoseite.
Good lord,
man.
That's one of the most awesome places on earth.
I love that place.
Smells good and everything.
I mean,
so so you got the Rocky Mountain.
Uh what's the name of that Rocky Mountain uh trail up there?
I forgotten.
Uh but anyway,
there's all kinds of trails out there.
What's that?
>> Oh yeah.
Yeah,
the Sierra Nevada mountain range,

>> right?
So just imagine you could say,
"Look,
you got a lot of readers and a lot of viewers.
Say,
hey,
let's all meet on Saturday and we're going to go for a two-day walk.
You know,
camp out on Saturday night somewhere out there and just go for a walk." You know what I mean?
It's just like ain't nobody gonna be at the bar because you're gonna be sleeping on the ground out there somewhere.
You know what I mean?
and and and and and and I mean just stuff like that.
Make that fun,
right?
That's where the fun's at.
And that,
you know,
not only that,
if you want to meet a good wife,
that's how you meet one right there.
You know what I mean?
It's like,
you know,
high quality wife,
she ain't at the bar.
You know what I mean?
She's like,
I'll go for a walk out in the mountains.
I'm not afraid of no bears.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That's that's that's how you do it.
Uh and um and and get people doing things like that.
And not only that,
again,
you everybody is smarter than they think they are.
You just have to go for these long walks and get time to sort it out because there's a lot of stuff in your head that you've you you you it takes time to sort sort through the boxes and if you go and and obviously don't listen to music or anything.
Just go for these long walks like I did.
I would walk for weeks at a time actually.
I'm not talking hours,
man.
I I walked up to Mount Everest.
I did Anna Perna Circuit several times out in the Himalaya,
you know.
I I walked to Everest twice actually.
Not to the top,
just to the bottom base camp.
No,
one of the walks was three weeks,
right?
And three weeks to get there and one week back.
So,
it was like a month,
right?
So,
I mean,
I did stuff like this a lot.
And you would learn a lot just by walking.
But then I actually carried books.
I I hired like a a sherpa to carry my books on a on a in a Pelican case.
And I had candles because there was no iPads or anything like that back then.
Plus,
iPads,
I mean,
that's not a great way to read anyway.
Um,
but yeah,
I I would just go out there and walk and read by candle light at night.
Walk,
walk,
walk,
walk.
Man,
you will learn so much just by going for walks.
And you meet a lot of cool people,
too.

>> Yeah.
You know,
I I love that you mentioned about walking.
I've heard that as being very uh therapeutic.
I mean,
I actually do that almost daily to to get my get my vitamin D,
which I know a lot of people are are deficient.
And um you know,
even even writing,
I've heard I've heard a lot of utility in just writing,
you know,
clearing your mind.
Um,
I was picking up I I've been reading a bunch of different >> You'll learn.

>> I'm sorry.

>> You will writing.
You mean writing or writing?
>> Oh,
yeah.
Writing like actual writing.

>> Yeah.
You'll you'll learn by writing.
You'll learn weirdly often more by writing than by reading,
which is kind of strange.
You need to do both.

>> Yeah.

>> Yeah.
And then I've been uh I'll just share with you.
I've been uh I've been very interested in the esoteric stuff.
And uh because the Cabal is really into it,
right?
I mean,
they're they're they're really into astrology.
They're really into uh apparently gamatra and numerology and when they do events.
I you know,
like you'd hear Ted Gunderson talk about this stuff.
I think uh Jordan Maxwell did a little bit too.
So,
I've been I've been kind of I mean,
I'm just sharing with you personally what I've been up to.
I've been kind of reading some that like kind of I think the audio cut out.
Would you mention?
>> No,
they're huge into numerology.

>> Oh,
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then uh what else?
Just just you know goal attainment,
goal acquisition,
but I just feel like most people again I'm not I'm not saying this from some vantage point of superiority by far from that.
I'm just saying it just seems like mo like most of society is in a malaise.
They're in a conveyor belt to the grave and it's just this gradual and and and uh I feel like the guy from the movie they live where I I I'm wearing the sunglasses.

>> I watched that with Msaco.
Msako some years ago Msako's like you gotta watch this movie and you know you start it's corny but everything Msaco says to watch it turns out good so we watched it and it was great everybody should watch they live it wasn't corny it start it looks corny to begin with for the first >> it's kind of hokey but it's yeah it's it's >> but but it's legit it's like totally legit >> it's probably real you know you know a lot of these films I suspect just like you know Stanley Kubri's Eyes Wide Shut and a myriad of other movies were intended to serve as a message.
And uh we all know parts of that movie were apparently omitted,

>> right?
The the um I would I would highly suggest watching that and the Jones Plantation.
The Jones Plantation,
the >> documentary.
That's a Yeah,
that's a great movie.

>> I got to watch that.
I believe it or not,
I haven't seen it,
but I've heard great things about it.
Lark and Lo Lark and Rose,
right?
Uh that was uh I don't know who the stars were,
but I watched it several times.
I don't know any of the actors names,
but yeah,
but the um but but you know who told me to watch it is was um Doug Casey,
you know,
the gold guy.
He just >> Oh,
yeah.
Oh,
by the way,
I I I had him on,
so thank you for making that happen.
You you made that you made that happen.

>> He's awesome.
Thank you for doing that.

>> This morning,
Doug Doug Doug was like,
"You got to watch this movie,
The Jones Plantation." That one starts off corny too for the first couple minutes like uh oh here we are in a corny movie but you know if Doug recommends something it's probably pretty good and we watched it and I was like whoa.
So then Msako and I,
we went back because we watched it with Doug and his wife.
Then Msago and I went back and watched it again and then we watched it a third time and uh because because there's a lot of uh it's very it's a very cheap lowbudget film.
Super lowbudget like less than a used car budget and uh but it is artful.
It is genius.
I mean is the Jones Plantation.
You got to watch it.
You might want to watch it at least twice.
Yeah.
the Jones play.
It's like it's it's like they live corny,
lowbudget,
right on target.

>> That's crazy.

>> I'm trying to think of what else I was going to mention.
Um yeah,
it just seem it just seems that um the the world is just getting weirder and weirder since 2020.
And it looks like things are going to continue to accelerate.
And to your point,
we're looking at famine.
Just to kind of recap,
we're looking at further geopolitical turbulences.
um prices.
Who knows?
Who knows?
>> If you if you want to know if you want if you would like an introduction to the to the producer of of Jones Plantation,
I'll introduce you.
His name is Andrew Triglia and >> that guy I I somehow I ended up in contact with him and uh and we talked for a long long time and so he's working on something else and I'll introduce you to him when when we get off.
Um,
uh,
Michael,
how can people learn more about you as well as get in touch with you?
>> Oh,
I'm on Substack.
Substack,
uh,
under Big Honey and then on,
uh,
Twitter as well or X,
whatever you want to call it.
Basically,
I just go on X to,
uh,
you know,
attack like,
uh,
Zionist doing genocide and Trump pushing drugs and,
you know what I mean?
Uh,
but I'm pretty predictable.
But the stuff that you put on there that I put on there,
you'll see it's turned out to be very accurate.
It's ve it's been extremely accurate over time and I'm very happy with how my accuracy which gets better and better as time goes on.
But you know I realize early on that lies are expensive expenses and truth is an investment.
But often you know you take some shots when you tell the truth about certain things and then they turn out like you know I lost a lot of readers by saying that Obama was you know some manurion candidate.
Everybody's like,
"No,
you know,
oh,
you're a racist." You know,
and you know,
just like the anti just like the fake Semites that are always like,
"You're an anti-semite." I'm like,
"Dude,
you're whiter than I am.
Shut up." You know what I mean?
You're a fake Jew.
You're a fake everything.
You know,
I don't care.
You know what I mean?
>> Crypto.

>> CryptoJ.
Yeah,

>> exactly.
You know,
show me a gene.
You know,
it's like and um and and I don't care anyway.
What are you,
some kind of gene superior?
God don't favor you.
It's like,
you know,
and they're like,
it's like,
but uh but the um um but >> you got to get the garlic or the flashlight.

>> Yeah,
exactly.
Here we go.

>> The holy water.
Yeah.

>> Yeah.
Gary the Cannibal used to say,
"You should wear garlic." Like,
"What?
To keep the vampires away?" No,
because you're good with it.
Yeah.
Gary the Cannibal,
the guy from Texas.
But anyway.
Yeah.
Anyway,
I'll introduce you to Andrew Triglia.
He's the one that he's the producer of the Jones Plantation.
And I think if you end up interviewing him,
I got to watch that man.
That guy,
he's something else.
He's kind of a live wire,
so you'll want him on.
You know what I mean?
He's He's pretty You never know what he's going to say.

>> Well,
I love it.
Well,
um,
Michael,
it's been it's been great having you back on.
Uh,
really enjoyed our our conversation and,
um,
I encourage people listening,
if if you're if you're in a position to to support,
uh,
Michael.
By the way,
Michael did not ask me to say that.
I'm just saying that because,
you know,
to look out and and support him because I know uh he does a lot of traveling and uh you're you're doing you're doing God's work,
so to speak,
and you're putting yourself out there and a lot of people don't feel comfortable putting themselves out there in the way that you are.
So,
my hats off to anybody doing that.
So,
thanks for doing what you do.

>> I appreciate it.
Thank you.
And we'll look and talk with you soon,
Christian.
Bye.

>> Absolutely.
Hey,
thanks for tuning in and uh if you enjoyed the show,
I encourage you to like,
share uh and and follow if if you found value in it.
I also have a new show called Markets with Christian White,
which is exclusively focused on the financial markets.
If that is something of interest to you,
I encourage you to check that out.
And uh I always look forward to hearing your your your feedback and thoughts.
And uh until next time uh take care and uh be
