https://substack.com/chat/5318538/post/c1cc85f4-f625-44fc-89e0-e79595daed66



---



2026-03-23 12:38 +0100

milahu

i am buying attention for my book:
Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composition by personality type
https://milahu.github.io/alchi/src/whoaremyfriends/whoaremyfriends.html

i hope that i have found the main bottleneck/defect in our culture:
we are too stupid for self-organization
so we are permanently infiltrated by our enemies

the current collapse has one very simple reason:
optimal human nutrition is carnivore diet (~500g ruminant meat per day)
but on the 3,000 million hectares of pasture land
we can only produce 180 E9 kg meat per year
so we can feed only 1,000 million humans
so our actual problem is pacifism
which directly leads to all the other problems:
overpopulation, degeneration, destruction of nature, resource depletion, wars, famines, vaccines, corrupt medicine (chemical warfare against civilians), ...

i have been following you for years
i even made an archive of your telegram posts
https://github.com/milahu/iceagefarmer

but (as you may know)
its extremely hard to actually reach people
either because most people are trapped
in the vicious circle between loneliness and ignorance
or because our enemies are aggressively censoring our resistance

"vicious circle between loneliness and ignorance"
i hope that my research project is a solution for that
but still, physical violence is required to break ignorance/stupidity
just like Yuri Bezmenov said in 1984:
"Only when the military boot crushes his balls,
then he will understand, but not before that.
That is the tragedy of the situation of demoralization."

so what i envision is a symbiosis between soldiers and farmers...

so much for now.
i hope to find more people who are actually "awake" in your audience
so it would be awesome if you could multiply my project...
this would also fit in James Corbett's "solutions watch"
https://corbettreport.com/category/solutions
but James either ignores me, or my messages are censored
(i never know, i just dont get a response in 99% of all cases)



---



2026-03-23 12:38 +0100

Upstream

Not necessarily too stupid to organize. Under Biden, Mayorkas, and Pelosi (and probably before), the organizations were infiltrated, and members were prosecuted, and jailed.



---



2026-03-23 17:37 +0100

milahu

haha, no, if you allow your organization to be infiltrated by your enemies, then yes, you are too stupid to organize. mainly every "too large" organization (more than 150 humans, or not living together in the same neighborhood) is doomed to fail



---



2026-03-24 11:05 +0100

milahu

the level of ignorance (or censorship?) from all sides is "amazing"... i would expect that "group composition by personality type" is highly relevant for all humans, but most people are trapped in the vicious circle between loneliness and ignorance, and ignorance is only defeated by violence, but im a "prophet without sword", so i might as well talk to a brick wall and get the same response



---



2026-03-24 11:57 +0100

UNSHADOWED (IAF)

Please remember to keep it respectful.

And: this is where the deeper work comes in. Groups/efforts that are defined by a "resistance/fight the system" energy are enabling and inviting a response from the system -- as Jung says, fighting the shadow actually empowers it. Small, local, community resilience groups are much less likely to attract infiltration.

I use the word "small" there deliberately; as you said once you hit 150 people (or some scale/impact), things do start to get dicey -- too many resources, competing interests, power plays. I like the "Freedom Cells" approach here: the communities stay small, but network across communities to share resources/ideas. Gavin Mounsey was sharing some good thoughts on this the other day.

Your Pallas work looks interesting, thanks for sharing it. It's quite extensive; have you considered doing shorter form writings or videos to make it more accessible?



---



2026-03-24 19:24 +0100

milahu

yep, "fight the system" is the wrong path, because there will always be a global empire/elite.

so in my vision of the post-collapse future, the global empire is reduced to a "minarchy" (minimal government) that collects only 10% taxes (barter economy, sacrifice animals), and a main goal of the global empire is to keep tribes small, so tribes are in permanent competition, so there are no peace treaties between tribes.

> Freedom Cells

i will have to read their manual
https://freedomcells.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Freedom-Cell-Manual-English.pdf

their "groups of eight people" approach resonates with:
noah's family: 8 people (4 men + 4 women)
4 basetypes x 2 genders = 8 types
belbin team roles: 8 types
Carl Jung: 4 functions x 2 versions = 8 types

i assume, one difference to my vision of "global tribalism" is that my tribes have both tribe wars with other tribes, but also cooperative trade relations with other tribes, so my vision is fundamentally not pacifistic, because pacifism is the root of all problems we have today.

any "pacifist utopia" (amish people, hippies, etc) is doomed to fail, because sooner or later, your peaceful community will be conquered by soldiers (or hungy city people)... so i guess its just realistic to create a symbiosis between farmers and soldiers in the first place.

> It's quite extensive

208 DIN A5 pages.
the main content is in the first 20 pages or so.
like i said, i am offering money (XMR) for a book review.

> have you considered doing shorter form writings or videos to make it more accessible?

no. i dont like to appeal to modern peoples' laziness or aversion to reading books... also, in the near future, there will be no power grid and no internet...

the field of "interpersonal compatibility" is suspiciously under-explored, but anyone studying personality psychology should sooner or later ask the question: is there a pattern in human relations, based on personality types? there is some very basic research on romantic couples (Helen Fisher, etc), but no research in "holistic" approaches to build stable groups (up to 150 people). probably many corporations have secret strategies for building effective teams, related: "Deloitte Business Chemistry"

from a "greedy evil empire" point of view (with Klaus Schwab as its evil villain) it does make sense to not explore the field of "interpersonal compatibility", because stable groups = effective resistance = less profit for the greedy empire. 50 years ago, such resistance leaders were hunted as "communists", today such resistance leaders are hunted as "terrorists"... but the greedy empire (with global trade between colonies) runs on cheap energy, so it has no future anyway, so also the empire should be interested in exploring actually stable solutions for the future, but so far i got only negative feedback.

another interesting point is that both personality types and relationship quality can be measured with EEG scanners. an 8-channel EEG scanner (based on OpenBCI hardware) costs around 500 USD. so from a pure scientific perspective, this is a solvable problem...

i tried to contact Dario Nardi (darionardi22@gmail.com) (who has done extensive research with EEG and personality types) but after a few emails he stopped responding, so im pretty sure that google is censoring our emails (google is known to censor "political" emails, and i assume that all clearnet email providers censor emails, also protonmail...) (im a bit surprised that the substack chat here is not censored yet) so i prefer p2p chat tools like Ricochet or Session, see also https://github.com/milahu/contact



---



2026-03-28 07:29 +0100

milahu

ignorance, as always...

no proof that my thesis is wrong, as always...

my vision of paradise on earth fails, because you dont see the connections between: pacifism - overpopulation - degeneration - inflation - pacifistic methods of mass murder (junk food, junk medicine, vaccines, junk science, renewable energy, poison everywhere, boom-bust cycles, global famine, CBDC, AI control grid, ...).

our planet's carrying capacity of 500 million humans is dictated by: carnivore diet (500g meat per person per day), pasture land (3,000 million hectares), productivity (60 kg meat per hectare per year). its a simple calculation with three constants.
https://github.com/milahu/alchi-mindmap/blob/main/pages/carrying-capacity.md

carnivore diet is the optimal diet, because our bodies and brains evolved on carnivore diet.

other diets (balanced diet, vegan diet) (combined with industrial farming and global trade based on fossil fuels) can support a larger global population, but other diets always lead to chronic diseases, and fossil fuels are limited, and why do we need more than 500M humans? (spoiler: because we are too stupid to kill today's 95% useless eaters directly, so we find 1000 ways to kill them indirectly, and we all feel "smart" and "innocent"...)

i just dont get it why so many humans are so stupid. to me, all these connections are crystal clear (also because i see myself as a "natural born killer" so killing humans is my first solution) (probably because my personality type 1 really is the smartest of all types and all other types are just fake-smart), but i always fail to communicate my views, and in the end, i would need physical violence to "convince" people that i am serious, because "prophets without swords" are always ignored (zarathustra, cassandra curse, plato's cave). best i can do is to make these dynamics transparent/conscious, but idiots are still trapped in plato's cave, these people are physically unable for self-liberation, they are stuck in the vicious circle between loneliness and ignorance.

many people are looking for "alternatives"... but the only alternative to mass murder is serial murder, and most of these so-called "truth-seekers" never reach this level of depth in their analysis, they are too busy fixing symptoms, wondering why nothing changes, still defending the root problem of pacifism ("killing animals and plants and ecosystems is ok, but killing humans is wrong")
